--- Page 1 ---
This user manual describes all proceedings concerning the Full This User Manual only suitable for both power and drive modules This user manual the property GSK CNC Equipment Co., Ltd. All
Electric Injection Molding Machine detail much possible. However, AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine for specified drive unit. rights are reserved. against the law for any organization individual
impractical give particular descriptions for all unnecessary better refer the material object touch GSK because some different publish reprint this manual without the express written permission GSK
unallowable system operations due the manual text limit, product specific description may occur along with the alternation the production. and the latter reserves the right ascertain their legal liability.
applications and other causes. Therefore, the proceedings not indicated
herein should considered impractical unallowable.

--- Page 4 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual order guarantee the product safety, normal and effective very essential note the following marks when you read this result 一 一 death serious injury.
PREFACE operation; important read this manual before installing using user manual 人 Caution means that the wrong operation may cause hurt the
Your Excellency, product. 人 Warning means that the wrong operation may cause the disaster operator, well damage the equipment.
It’s our pleasure for your patronage and purchase the AE50 Full Electric 人 Notice means that improper use may damage the product and device.
Injection Molding Machine Drive Unit made GSK CNC Equipment Co., Ltd.
This user manual fully described the function and operation methods
power and drive modules AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine
Specified for Drive unit; that the user can entirely understand the
integrated drive unit, and use safely and effectively.
SECURITY WARNING
人 Improper operation may generate accident，the person who can
operate this product with the corresponding qualification.

--- Page 5 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The stack product cartons should less than layers. stand and place the heavy matters the cartons. not use the cable connected with the product drag transport the not impact and scratch the panel and the display screen. Keep away the damp, sunshine and rain the cartons. Unpacking inspection Confirm whether the product the one you purchased after unpacking. Check whether the product damaged during transporting. Confirm the components are completed and without damage based upon better contact our company immediately the inconsistent product Wiring The person who attends the wiring and inspection should the The product should reliably grounded, and its grounding resistance The wiring should correct and firm, order avoid the product fault The surge absorber diode with the product should connected with the necessary cut off the product power before performing the plug
Safety Precaution product. the list. type, absent accessory damage due transportation. professional with corresponding ability. should less than 0.10; not use the neutral conductor (zero line) unexpected result occurs. specified direction; otherwise, the product may damaged. open the product case.
Transportation and storage instead the grounding cable.

--- Page 6 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
Inspection Repair
itis important cut off the power before inspecting.
Check whether the machine fault when short-circuit overloading
occurs. Restart can performed after the fault eliminated.
not frequently perform the ON/OFF the product; better wait for
1min least when restarting after the power turned off.

--- Page 7 ---
44) The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Security responsibility the manufacturer ——Manufacturer should take responsibility for the design and —Manufacturer should take responsibility for the security the —Manufacturer should take responsibility for the offered Security responsibility the users 一 一 User should know and understand about the contents —User should take responsibility for the security and danger User should take responsibility for the danger without following
Security Responsibility structure danger the drive unit and the accessories which drive unit and accessories. information and suggestions for the user. security operations learning and training the security because increasing, changing modifying the original motor the operations, maintenances, installations and storages
have been eliminated and/or controlled. operations the motor. accessory themselves. described the manual.

--- Page 9 ---
Safety Warning The design and manufacture this product not used the machinery and system necessary consider the safety protective measure the design and Confirmation necessary store and transport based upon the products storage and not pile higher, prevent from dropping The product should packed integrally. not drag the cable, motor axis and encoder transportation servo motor. The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine and servo Installation The power module, drive module and servo motor the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine: not install on/close the flammable matter avoid fire. Avoid vibration; keep away impacting not install when the components are damaged absent. The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine: must installed inside the defense level 2IP43 controllable cabinet. Keep adequate space from other equipment.
Safety Warning threatening for personal safety. manufacture when the machinery and system user selects this product; prevent Caution transportation environment motor can not undergo the foreign force and impact. 个 Caution
Warning the unexpected accident from improper operation abnormal product. Never attempt use the damaged faulted products.
Transportation
个 Caution

--- Page 10 ---
418% The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual should have good radiating condition. prevent the dust, corrosion gas, conductor, liquid, flammable and explosive Servo motor: The installation should firmed avoid releasing because the vibration. Prevent the motor and encoder being damaged from liquid invading. Never attempt knock the motor and motor axis, avoid the damage encoder. Motor axis can not bear the overloading. Wiring The person who attends the wiring inspection should have adequate ability for The wiring and inspection should performed after the power turned off for The power module, drive module and servo motor AE50 full electric injection Incorrect voltage power polarity may cause explosion operation accident. The wiring AE50 full electric injection molding machine can performed after the Ensure that the cable insulation; avoid pressing the cable, not electric The wiring should correct and firmed, otherwise, the servo motor may Servo motor and terminals can not connected reversely and the power. The servo motor should connected directly with drive module, which can not Prevent the conducting fastener and cable head from entering the drive unit. The cable and heat-resistance-matter can not close the radiator and servo motor The fly-wheel diode connected parallel the output relay can not
matters from entering. this job. 5min. molding machine for the specified drive unit should grounded. motor power module, drive module and servo motor are installed. shock. operated incorrectly, well, and the device may damaged due poor connect with the capacitor, inductor filter. the drive unit. connected reversely.
connection.

--- Page 11 ---
Safety Warning Confirm whether the power module, drive module and servo motor already The servo motor should operated without loading before debugging. The loading Usage ESP circuit should connected ensure that the equipment can itis necessary confirm the operation signal already turned off before alarm The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should not frequently switch on/off the power module prevent the system from The power module, drive module and servo motor the AE50 full electric injection not refit the power and drive modules. Troubleshooting The remaining voltage drive unit still holds for while even the power turned The person who attends the disassembly and maintenance should have the Vil
Debugging operation installed, and firmed before the power turned on; and check whether its power and debugging can performed after the parameter setting confirmed. Prevent the 个 Caution immediately stopped and the power can cut off soon when unexpected reset; otherwise, may suddenly start again. matched with the specified servo motor. damaging. molding machine for the specified drive unit may heated after continues Warning off. not disassemble the cable after power off for 5min; well, not touch the corresponding professional knowledge.
个 Caution wiring are correct. machinery and equipment damage from the fault operation. accident occurs. operate. Never attempt touch the radiator and motor the drive unit when terminal.
operating after the power turned off for while.

--- Page 12 ---
全 三 4187 The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual necessary remove the fault reason when alarm occurs. Perform the restart Far away from the machine when instantaneous stop occurs and after the power Option The rated torque servo motor should higher the enabled consecutive loading The moment inertia value divided the motor one, which should less than The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should All specifications and designs are subject change without This manual reserved final user. Chinese version all technical documents Chinese and Sincere thanks for your supporting GSK’s products.
个 Caution alarm signal before restarting it. turned again, because the machine may suddenly start (The design the Notice one. the recommended value. adapted with the servo motor. notice. English languages regarded final.
machine should without hazard when restart.

--- Page 13 ---
List CHAPTER ONE SUMMARY .PP
LIST 1.1Product Brief
1.2 Drive Unit Module Explanation
1.3 Delivered Inspectign
1.4 Product Appearance
CHAPTER TWO
2.1 Environment Condition
2.2 The Appearance Dimension and Installation Drive Unit
2.3 Servo Motor Installation
CHAPTER THREE WIRING .pp
3.1 Power Module Wiring
3.2 Power Module Terminal Function
3.3 The Wiring Drive Modulle
3.4 Drive Module Terminal Function
3.5 Interface Circuits:
3.6 The Overall Connection Diagram Drive Unit
CHAPTER FOUR PARAMETER.
4.1 Parameter
CHAPTER FIVE ALARM AND TROUBLESHOOTING
5.2 Alarm Troubleshooting Method
CHAPTER SIX DISPLAY AND OPERATION
6.1 Power Module
6.2 The Keyboard Operation Drive Module
6.3 The Monitoring Method Drive AO)
6.4 Speed Dry Run and JOG Operation
6.5 Analog Speed Operatign
6.6 Analog Torque Operation
6.7 Analog Speed Analog Torque
6.8 Other Control Method:
6.9 Analog Value Input Command Zero
CHAPTER SEVEN POWER-ON OPERATION
7.1 Power COnne
7.2 Inspection Before the Operation
7.3 Motor Response ACjUStment
CHAPTER EIGHT PRODUCT TECHNOLOGY SPECIFICATION
8.1 The Technology Specification Power Module
8.2 The Technology Specification Drive Module
8.3 Servo Motor Specification:

--- Page 14 ---
全 三 441 The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual

--- Page 15 ---
Chapter One Summary The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine (it The power and drive modules the specified drive unit AE50 full electric owns more advantages comparing with the traditional control system. Low energy-consumption greatly saves the electric energy and reduces the production cost, which saves 20% ~50% comparing with the traditional control method. High control accuracy The servo drive system and closed-loop configured 17-bit absolute encoder, Excellent consecutive packing and low-velocity performance The packing time servo control system longer and its pressure more High response velocity The response velocity the servo control system fast, and the pressure
CHAPTER ONE SUMMARY also called AE50 Full-Digital Full Electric Injection Molding Machine Specified Drive Unit) injection molding machine should matched, which used the new and its repeated accuracy greatly improved. stable comparing with the traditional one. stable with low velocity and its response time extremely short.
1.1 Product Brief new full-digital drive unit product GSK, which used high-performance 32-bit high-efficient and energy-saving digital full electric injection molding machine conversion speed steady.
Digital Signal Processor (DSP), Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) and MITUBISHI GSK.
Intelligent Power Module (IPM). owns the high integration, small size, completed
protection, perfect reliability, and uses the optimal PID calculation and performs the
PWM control. Its performance has been reached the advanced level comparing the
similar product with the domestic and overseas.

--- Page 16 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
1.2 Drive Unit Module Explanation
Power module Perform AC-DC conversion function, turn 3-phase AC380V into
(Also, called drive unit DC538V offering the drive module. means DTSO2A-POW
power module) AE50.
Perform DC-AC conversion function，turn DC538V into alterable
Drive module voltage and frequence 3-phase outputting the servo motor.
(Also, itis called drive unit the overall the DTSO1A-050, DTS01A-075, DTS01A-075 and
dri dul
module) DTS01A-300 AE50.
Drive unit combined drive unit power module and drive module; the
(Also, called motor overall the DTSO2A-POW, DTS01A-050, DTS01A-075,
drive unit servo drive unit) and DTS01A-300 AE50.
1.3 Delivered Inspection
better inspect immediately based upon the following items after receiving goods.
you have any questions, touch the supplier our company.
Inspection item Remark
Check the drive unit and servo motor; confirm better confirm based upon the drive unit
whether the matched goods are the ordered one. mark and servo motor nameplate.
Check whether the goods are damaged during Check the overall appearance the goods, and
transportation. should integrated and perfect.
Check whether the cable released. Check whether loosened slightly shake.
Check whether the screw loosened. Check whether loosened screwdriver.
Notice
The damaged absent component the servo drive unit can not installed.
The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should
matched with servo motor with its corresponding performance.
Please touch the supplier our company, you have any questions after you received
the goods.

--- Page 17 ---
Chapter One Summary
Type meaning
(1) Power module type the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine
DTS02A- POW
Power module
The code name servo drive unit series
(2) Drive module type the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine
DTSO1A-
pone component nominal current drive module (For example: DTS01A-300)
The code name servo drive series
(3) Servo motor type
The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine the motor drive
unit matched wit the full electric injection molding machine, which developed GSK,
well the motor. The Chapter Eight offers the data GSK SJT series servo motor; and other
data the servo motor supplied with its servo motor.
Accessory
(2) The standard accessories the specified drive unit AE5O full electric injection molding
machine
User Manual (This manual) copy
CN1 (50-core high density plug) sets (Note
CN2 (26-core high density plug) sets (Note
Note better adapted with the signal cable (3m) when matching with our control system.
Note User can select the feedback cable (3m) when offer the servo motor.
(2) The basis accessory servo motor supplied according the servo motor user manual

--- Page 18 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
1.4 Product Appearance
The appearance figure power module
bus wiring
terminal
Contactor
teminal DTSO2A-POW
POWER SUPPLY MODLLE UMIT
Main power alarm CNI
interface
CS5
人 ALARM
Control power
interface STATUS
Main power wiring ENT
terminal~380AC
Brake resistance
wiring terminal
Grounding
terminal
Fig. 1-1 The power module appearance AE50 full electric injection molding machine specified
drive unit

--- Page 19 ---
Chapter One Summary
The appearance figure drive module
bus wiring
terminal
Signal terminal
和
Feedback terminal
全 CN2
Bus interface (Note
Main poweralarm (NS
interface (Note
Brake resistance
interface (Note
CN6
Control power
interface
Motor wiring DTSOXA-XXX
terminal 注
Fig. 1-2 The module appearance AE50 full electric injection molding machine specified drive unit
Note There are standard configuration drive modules the AE50 full electric injection molding machine,
DTSOXA-XXX means any the DTSO1A-050, DTSO1A-075, DTSO1A-075 and DTSO1A-300. The
drive unit may different depending the alteration the injection molding machine; better
contact the factory refer the entity.
Note The bus interface CN3 and CN4 are not used yet, which are reserved for upgrading later.
Note The power module alarm interface connected with the DTSO1A-300 drive module CN5, which
reserved other type drive unit modules.
Note The brake resistance interface CN6 DTS01A-05 reserved.

--- Page 20 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
Servo motor appearance
Encoder socket
Motor socket
Nae
Motor installation face
Motor shaft extension GHz
Feedback encoder
lll
Motor
Fig. 1-3 SJT series servo motor appearance

--- Page 21 ---
Chapter Two Installation The storage and installation the product should suitable for the environment condition. The pile quantity the product restrained, which can not pile too much, prevent damage and drop from pressing. The storage and transportation the product should used the original package. The damaged absent component the product can not installed. The installation the product should used the fire-proof material; not install the The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should installed The power module, drive module and servo motor the AE50 full electric injection molding not drag the servo motor cable, motor shaft and encoder. 2.1 Environment Condition Usage 0°C ~+55°C (without freeze) -20°C ~+40°C (without freeze) Humidity condensation) Storage
CHAPTER TWO INSTALLATION flammable surface neighbor avoid the fire hazard. inside the electric cabinet prevent the dust, corrosive gas, conducting material, liquid and machine specified drive unit should avoided the vibration and impacting. The specified drive unit AE50 temperature/ Below 95%RH (Without transportation -40°C ~+55°C -40°C ~+70°C
Notice flammable matter from entering. full electric injection molding GSK SJT series servo motor Below 90%RH (Without condensation) temperature/| 95%RH (Without condensation) Below 80%RH (Without condensation)
machine humidity
There corrosive gas, There corrosive gas, flammable gas, oil
Atmosphere
flammable gas, oil mist and dust mist and dust etc. inside the indoor (without
environment
etc. inside the controllable cabinet. sunshine).
Altitude height Under altitude 1000m Under altitude 2000m
Less than 0.5G (4.9m/s*), Hz~~60Hz (Non-consecutive operation)
installed inside the electric
Defense level
cabinet with 2IP43

--- Page 22 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine should not install on/clear the flammable material avoid fire hazard. Installation environment
2.2 The Appearance Dimension and Installation Drive Unit installed inside the electric cabinet with perfect protection. installed according the specified direction and interval guarantee good radiating (1) Defense
condition. The structure the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding
machine without defense, and therefore, should installed inside the electric
cabinet with good protective avoid touching the corrosive flammable gas;
prevent the conducting material, metal dust, oil mist and liquid from entering it.
(2) Temperature, humidity
Environment temperature the consecutive safety working
temperature below the 45°C. order guarantee the ambient temperature
around the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine
not consecutively raised, the draft should blown the radiator the drive unit.
(3) Vibration and impacting
The installation the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding
machine can not vibrate; the vibration should controlled under
with some damping measure. The installation the drive unit can not undertake
the over-pressure and impacting.
Appearance dimension
The AE50 full electric injection molding machine produced GSK suitable for
one power module and three drive modules, which separately corresponds
DTSO2A-POW, DTS01A-050, DTS01A-075 and DTS01A-300. User can adapt the
baseplate panel installation method, and the installation direction vertical the
installation face upward (Refer the Fig. 2-1 The dimension figure drive unit
installation board aperture)

--- Page 23 ---
chapterrwo Installation
DTSO2A-POW
ees
Fig. 2-1 The aperture dimension DTSO2A-POW
中
DTSOIA 050
ing
Fig. 2-1(b) The aperture dimension DTS01A-05

--- Page 24 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
075
中
oo.
Fig. 2-1(c) The aperture dimension DTSO1A-075
DTSO1A-300
的
二
Fig. 2-1(d) The aperture dimension DTS01A-300

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter Two Installation
2.3 Servo Motor Installation
Never knock the motor shaft encoder, prevent the motor from vibrating impacting.
not drag the motor shaft, leading-out cable encoder when moving the motor.
The motor shaft can not undertaken the overloading; otherwise, the motor may
damaged.
Installation environment
(1) Defense
The GSK SJT series servo motor not water-proof, and therefore prevent the
liquid from splashing the motor, and avoid the oil water entering the motor from
its leading wire and motor shaft.
Note: user needs the water-proof motor, better give indication.
(2) Temperature, humidity
The ambient temperature holds -20°C ~+40°C (without freeze). The motor may
heat due the long-term operation; better radiating the motor the narrow
space the heat equipment around it.
The humidity should less than 90%RH and without condensation.
(3) Vibration
The servo motor should avoided install the vibration situation, and the
vibration should less than equals 0.5G (4.9m/s’).
Installation method
(1) Installation method
The SJT series motor uses flange installation method, and motor installation
direction arbitrary.
(2) Installation notice
Never knock the motor motor shaft when disassembling the belt wheel
prevent the encoder from damaging. better disassemble the
screw-type push/pull tool.

--- Page 26 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
SJT series motor can not endure huge axis/radial direction loading.
recommended connect the loading with spring coupling.
The motor should fixed check washer prevent the motor from
loosening.

--- Page 27 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
CHAPTER THREE WIRING
A\warning
The person who attends the wiring inspection should have adequate ability deal
with this job.
The wiring and inspection should performed after the power turned off for 5min
avoid electric shock.
caution
necessary connect based upon the terminal pressure and polarity avoid
equipment damage personal injury.
The specified drive unit the AE50 full electric injection molding machine and the
terminal the servo motor are grounded firmly.
3.1 Power Module Wiring
Fig. 3-1 shows the configuration DTSO2A-POW interface terminal.
Wire diameter: PE, and terminal wire diameter (Copper wire),
and terminal wire diameter 2.5mm? (Copper wire).
四
CNS TB2
CN1 CN7
ALM8 ALM8
ary AM? ALM7
GND GND
ALMG
ALM6
ALMS ALM5
Fig. 3-1 DTSO2A-POW terminal figure

--- Page 28 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
3.2 Power Module Terminal Function
Table 3-1 Terminal function explanation DTSO2A-POW
Terminal Terminal Sianal name
No. mark
TBI1 Brake resistance uses the dynamic
braking. Power module can normally
Brake resistance terminal operated after connecting the external
brake resistance; and can not
connected directly.
Tea Main circuit power input Main circuit power inputs 3-phase
mets enn
connected with the power grounding
Protective grounding and motor one, and its protective
terminal grounding resistance should less than
equals 0.10.
positive terminal
positive termi Output 538V
TB2-2 negative terminal
Contactor control terminal used for controlling the main circuit
power input the power module. The
Contactor control terminal main circuit power turned off when
drive unit fault occurs.
Main circuit open-phase
aam
Main circuit brake alarm Alarm signal output
-em Alarm signal grounding Alarm signal grounding
Main circuit under-voltage
aam
Main circuit over-voltage
aam
The control circuit power input/output
CN7-2 le-ph trol
Single terminal 220V 50Hz connected
“are with the r,t the drive module CN7.

--- Page 29 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
3.3 The Wiring Drive Module
The external wiring figure drive module
Servo motor
Motor
Bus voltage
Woo
一 一
220V Drive module
Analog speed command input ran
Analog speed grounding SPD GXD
Analog torque command inpugj ppp
Analog torque groundin (AD GND
GND
¥CC
Analog value output grounding 13.
Analog ignal output
nalog torque signal outpu
12v~24V 24V 一 一 一 Encoder
Control method shift SEN DMA
Servo enabling SON
Alarm clear ALRS
Speed
Servo ready SRDY
Servo alarm ALM
Speed COIN
Encoder signal
Output common terminal [PSO
Shielding cable 330
Fig. 3-2 The external wiring drive module
Drive module interface explanation
(1) The power terminal TB3, TB4 drive module
TB3
Fig. 3-3 The power terminal drive unit

--- Page 30 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
Table 3-2 The external leading-wire diameter each drive module AE50
Terminal name DTS01A-300 DTSO1A-075 DTS01A-050
Note: The abovementioned leading-wire used the copper wire.
(2) Control signal CN1
CN1 50-core high density plug, and its pin definition shown below:
Absolute
PSO+
加 PSO- encoder S+phase
phase
Shielang
grounding
TQ_REF/ command cable terminal
input Shielding
Bie terminal
SPD Analog speed
REE signal input
signal output Analog value
output SEN shift
四 ALRS Alarm clear grounding
SPD Analog speed Servo
GND grounding SON enabling
Speed
§C1/ZS| selection
input
Input terminal
Speed arrival “power
加 SCMP ouput)
terminal
Servo read common port
加 SRDY
Servo alarm
ALM output
Fig. 3-4 CN1 pin

--- Page 31 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
Wire diameter: adopts the shielding cable (It better use the twisted shielding cable);
its wire diameter 0.12mm”, and the shielding layer should connected with terminal.
Wire length: The cable should shortened much possible, and the control CN1 cable
should less than 3m.
Wiring: better depart from the dynamic wire prevent the interference from entering.
Install the surge absorber component the sensitive parts (coils) the corresponding
circuit: coil reverse parallel fly-wheel diode, coil parallel resistance-capacitance
absorption circuit.
(3) Encoder feedback signal terminal CN2
The encoder feedback signal terminal CN2 26-core high density plug, which
matched with the 17bit absolute encoder; and its pin distribution shown below:
(4) De) Bs} 22) [ee
(2) fo) £2)
DSL+
pst. Encoder DSL
input Power output DMA. Encoder
Power output grounding Encoder
GND grounding DMA+ DMA+output
Power output VCC Power output
VCC Power output VCC Power output
Shielding
grounding
able terminal
Fig. 3-5 CN2 pin
Wire diameter: adopts the shielding cable (It better use the twisted shielding cable);
its wire diameter 0.12mm”, and the shielding layer should connected with terminal.
Wire length: The cable should shortened much possible, and the control CN2 cable
should less than 20m.
Wiring: better depart from the dynamic wire prevent the interference from entering.

--- Page 32 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual ALWB GND PHOLD 工 ball 工 GND CNA ALM6 ALM5 ALMd and should connected with the motor winding one one, which can not The cable and leading-wire should fixed and can not close the specified drive unit There high-capacity electrolytic capacitor inside the specified drive unit AE50 full 3.4 Drive Module Terminal Function
(4) Other terminal figures CN3 ALM7 Fig. 3-6 Other terminals performed reversely. radiator and motor AE50 full electric injection molding machine, order avoid reducing electric injection molding machine; the remaining voltage will still hold even the power Power terminal
Wherein, the bus interface CN3 and CN4 are reserved. notice the insulation performance due the heat. turned off. not touch the specified drive unit and motor AE50 full electric injection Table 3-3 The function explanations drive module terminal
Bus interface CN5 CN6 CN7 molding machine after the power turned off for 5min. Terminal Terminal
Signal name
No. mark
bus positive
Main circuit power input terminal
terminal
connected with TB2 the power
bus negative
module unit.
terminal

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter Three Wiring TB42 3-phase should connected with the motor Alarm signal input Alarm signal grounding under-voltage Alarm signal input
grounding protective grounding resistance should output terminal and terminal one one. Meme AMO)
terminal less than 0.10, servo motor output and TB44 Main circuit brake CNS7 Main circuit Main circuit
power input common CN51 Main circuit over-voltage Alarm signal input >X1
CNS-5 Alarm signal NS)
CN6-1 PHOLD Electric brake relay contactor output
terminal, the relay actuates when the drive
Electric brake unit fault occurs stops, external
connection performed between brake
resistance and motor
Hor] Control power |The control circuit power input/output
single phase input terminal 220V 50Hz connected with
terminal the CN7 the power module unit.
Without connection
Only the injection drive unit with CN5 interface the drive unit and others are reserved.
Different drive module types match with different brake resistance. Refer the following table
(Wherein, there brake resistance DTS01A-050).

--- Page 34 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual -10V +10V; the corresponding rotation range can determined the parameter No.42. eo) For example: the parameter No.42 set 3000，the top analog velocity command voltage corresponds the rotation speed (R/MIN, -3000r/min 3000r/min). may limited top Analog
Table 3-4 The brake resistance specification each drive module AE50 speed exceeds the maximum velocity Analog velocity grounding
Brake resistance speed. grounding
arameter
Resistance value (Q) Power (W)
Drive module
type
Control terminal CN1
Table 3-5 Control signal input/output terminal CN1
Terminal Signal
No. name
Analog velocity command input
terminal, its input voltage range

--- Page 35 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
Analog velocity command input
terminal, its input voltage range
-10V +10V; the corresponding
torque range can determined the
parameter No.44.
For example: indicates with the
percentage the rated torque. the
rated torque 30N-m and the setting
value 50, and then the torque the
maximum analog torque command
x50 100 15N-m.
Analog
torque Analog torque grounding
Analog
value
Analog value output grounding
output
The analog torque signal output voltage
range -10V +10V, which
determined the torque range the
parameter No.44.
For example: indicates with the
各 percentage the rated torque. the
各 rated torque 30N-m and the setting
value 50, and then the analog torque
二 output range 10V~+10V and its
corresponding torque -15Nm 一
15N-m.

--- Page 36 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Control method shift selection: [0] not shift [1] Shift the analog torque control mode analog speed control method when SEN closes. 和 [2] Shift analog (Speed torque) control mode the analog speed control method when SEN closes. 也 [3] Shift analog speed control mode [4] Shift analog (speed torque) Servo enabling input terminal [2] SON OFF: the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine stops; the motor the free state after stopping operation. Note The motor should still when Note The command can input Alarm Alarm clear input terminal
Shift the input terminal with servo the analog torque control method control mode analog torque control [1] SON ON: the specified drive unit the SON OFF opened before the waiting for least 50ms after opening Noor oon
control method; the shift method can when SEN closes. method when SEN closes. AE50 full electric injection molding SON ON. SON ON.
can determined the parameter machine operates.
No.10.

--- Page 37 ---
Chapter Three Wiring Zero speed clamping enables Servo ready output terminal
OFF ata analog value control. The motor [1] SRDY ON: Control power and
Velocity selection input terminal rotation speed forcedly set when power module are normal. There
the velocity control method, the zero speed clamping enables. alarm for the specified drive unit
combination SC1 and SC2 used AE50 full electric injection molding
(at present, the SC1 and SC2 are machine; servo ready output ON.
OFF) select different internal speed [2] SRDY OFF: The power module
[1] SC1 OFF, SC2 OFF: internal opens the DTSO1A injection
speed molding machine unit alarms; servo
[2] SC1 ON, SC2 OFF: internal speed ready output OFF.
Servo Servo alarm output terminal
[3] SC1 OFF, SC2 ON: internal speed alarm [1] ALM ON: There alarm for the
output specified drive unit AE50 full
[4] SC1 OFF, SC2 ON: internal speed
Note: The numerical value the
internal speed 1~4 can modified
parameter.

--- Page 38 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual [2] ALM OFF: There alarm for the
electric injection molding machine; specified drive unit AE50 full
servo alarm output ON. electric injection molding machine;
servo alarm output OFF.
Speed arrival output terminal
Speed
The speed arrival outputs when the
arrival
speed arrives exceeds the setting
output
one.
The
common The grounding common terminal
terminal control signal output terminal (other
the output than the CZ)
one
ont Shi
grounding Shielding grounding cable terminal
wire
output
Absolute encoder signal output
absolute
encoder
Note: type explanation: Type1: Switch value input; Type2: Switch value output; Type3: analog value input;
Type4: Analog value output; Type5: Absolute encoder interface. Refer “3.5 interface circuit scheme”.
Feedback signal terminal CN2
Table 3-6 Encoder signal input/output terminal CN2
Terminal
Terminal
Signal name mark
Mark
CN25 Servo motor photoelectricity encoder
CN26 uses +5V power;
Power output
CN2-18 Use the multi-core cable parallel
CN2-19 when cable longer.

--- Page 39 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
ooo
Encoder DSL
input
Encoder differential data signal
Encoder DSL
input
Encoder DMA
input
Encoder differential clock signal
Encoder DMA
input
Bus terminal CN3 and CN4
Table 3-7 bus terminal
Terminal
Signal name
No.
RJ-45
connected with control system other units.
Standard interface
RJ-45
connected with control system other units.
Standard interface
3.5 I/O Interface Circuit
Switch value input interface
Drive module side
COM-
4.7K
Fig. 3-7 Type1 switch value input interface
(1) Itis supplied user, V~DC 24V, current 2100mA;
(2) Notice: The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine can not
operated the current polarity connection reversed.

--- Page 40 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual (1) The external power offered user. essential note that the specified drive (2) The output open-collector type, and its maximum current 50mA; the top (3) The anti-parallel fly-wheel diode should placed both ports the loading Analog value input circuit The analog input signal speed command torque command input signal. The voltage range input signal X_REF -10V~10V. Analog value Drive module side
Switch value output interface unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine may damaged its power polarity voltage external power 25V. And therefore, the loading switch value output signal the loading the relay sensitive one. the fly-wheel diode reversed, the specified input side
Drive module side reversed. should met this limit requirement. The specified drive unit AE50 full electric molding drive unit theAE50 full electric injection molding machine may damaged. X=SPD.
max 50mA machine may damaged exceeds the limit requirement the output directly Fig. 3-9 Analog value input circuit
一 max 25V connected with the power.
Fig. 3-8 Type2 switch value output interface

--- Page 41 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
Analog value output circuit
Analog output signal speed torque output signal.
The voltage range output signal X_REF -10V~ 10V.
Analog value Drive module side
output side
OUT [SA
GND
SPD,
Fig. 3-10 Analog value output circuit
Absolute encoder interface
Drive module side
SN65LBC179A
pls
aN.
DMA
Fig. 3-11 Absolute photoelectricity encoder input interface

--- Page 42 ---
~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The CN1 the drive module connected with the system, which used for information exchange; The CN1 the power module and the CN2 the drive module connected with the The AC220V the CN7 interface power module and the AC380V TB1 inside the electric cabinet are separated from the electric wire-mesh; Contact GSK for details.
3.6 The Overall Connection Diagram Drive Unit external electric, which separately controlled the AC380 input power module and
Control system the UVW input each motor;
Control brak
resistance
Control main Drive main Injection Open-mould Plasticization Ejector
circuit circuit dmve drive drive drive
po- -了
_DTSO2A POW 一
小
ON5 ON5
From electric ONG ONG CNG CNG
cabinet
220V
DTSOLA 300 DTSOLA O75 DTSOIA O75 DTSOLA 050
PBD TPE
人 一 一
fesistance From electric 了
cabinet ON,
Encoder Encoder Encoder Encoder
M96OBH 1758S M880BH(AATYL) 130SJT MISODIH(A41) 130S.IT MLOODH (A41)
Fig. 3-12 The overall connection diagram AE50 drive unit
The above-mentioned figure shows:

--- Page 43 ---
Chapter Four Parameter
CHAPTER FOUR PARAMETER
企 Notice
The person who adjusts the parameter should understood the parameter meaning;
incorrect setting may cause the equipment damage and personal damage.
recommended that the parameter debugging should performed case the
servo motor without loading.
The motor parameter adapts the GSK SJT series default. The motor may not normally
operate uses other servo motors.
4.1 Parameter List
The following parameters only are suitable for the specified configuration drive
module and servo motor AE50 full electric injection molding machine; and the
parameter may different other drive units servo motor are used. better refer
the material contact the GSK.
Table 4-1 The specified configuration drive module and servo motor AE50
Drive module
DTS01A-300 DTS01A-075 DTS02A-075 DTS01A-050
Servo motor 220SJT-M960BH 130SJT-M150DH 175SJT-M380BH 130SJT-M100DH
type (A4IY1) (A4l) (A4IY1)
Injection motor Mould-opening Plasticization motor
Purpose Ejector motor drive
drive motor drive drive
The following parameters are the corresponding parameter for the
above-mentioned motor and drive module.
Table 4-2 The default parameter list AE50 drive module
DTS01A-075 DTS01A-075
Parameter name DTS01A-300 oon DTS01A-050
(Mould-opening) (Plasticization)
Type code
aas

--- Page 44 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Torque command filter 300 200 100 100
Speed detection low-pass
[wee filter 300 300 300 300
Control method shift
Resend
Analog speed low-pass
Analog torque low-pass
Drive prohibition input
两 而 两
五 [Ra
[aaa
men
-五
Resend
The slavery machine

--- Page 45 ---
Chapter Four Parameter Speed dry run, JOG run 300 300 300 300
[300 torque limit
[300 0000 Speed command reverse
Analog speed command
The rotation speed
maximum analog speed
Analog torque command
The torque maximum
The top speed controlled
eee

--- Page 46 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AESO Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual

--- Page 47 ---
Chapter Five Alarm and Troubleshooting
CHAPTER FIVE ALARM AND TROUBLESHOOTING
The person who inspects the machine should have the professional knowledge and
ability.
The specified drive unit and motor AE50 full injection molding machine can
touched after its power turned off for 5min prevent the electric shock and burn.
The specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding machine can used
after the fault removes according the alarm code.
Confirm that the SON (Servo enabled) signal disabled before resetting alarm
prevent the unexpected accident from suddenly starting.
5.1 Alarm List
Table 5-1 Alarm list
sono oir sree sting vate
[Niet overage Wan power oes
sped equator
[ite tition COW, Hane prin OFF
一
aot
The specified drive unit full electric
Overloading injection molding machine and the motor
foe see
poner
coming ovr coder coming
Motor overheating overloading The electrothermal value the motor exceeds

--- Page 48 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Heat resetting System being heat resetting EEPROM error EEPROM error Reserved 5.2 Alarm Troubleshooting Method Table 5-2 Troubleshooting method
ant rps Brake fault Brake circuit fault
Speed response fault Speed response error excessive big erar ead coder ofaive moa write encoder drive module
FPGA fault FPGA version inspection error arm Operation state Troubleshooting
Encoder type error Inconsistent encoder type name
when Control circuit board fault Change drive module
switching the
Encoder fault Change servo motor
control power
Command pulse input Correctly set the command pulse
frequency excessive high input
Acceleration/deceleration time
constant excessive small, Increase
that the speed overshoot value acceleration/deceleration time
ive tant
excessive big. cons
Encoder fault Change servo motor
Encoder cable defective Change encoder cable
Set the system related gain
Instable servo system causing again.
overshoot Reduce the loading inertia
moment ratio the gain can not

--- Page 49 ---
Five AlarmandTroubleshooting
set available value.
Reduce loading inertia
Loading inertia excessive big Change bigger power drive
unit and motor
Change servo motor
Encoder zero error Change encoder cable. The
manufacturer should adjust the
encoder zero.
Incorrect connection
and leading wire
Incorrect connection Correct wiring
encoder cable leading wire
Circuit board fault Change drive module
occurs when 四 Power voltage excessive
the control high Check the power supply
circuit Abnormal voltage waveform
occurs when
power module Disconnect the brake resistor Wiring again
Brake transistor damage
Internal brake resistor Change power module
四 damage
occurs during Reduce on-off frequency
the motor @Increase acceleration/
operation Brake circuit capacity deceleration time constant
inadequate Reduce torque limit value
Reduce loading inertia
Change bigger power drive
module and motor
Circuit board fault
Power insurance damage
occurs when Soft-start circuit fault Change the power module
power module Rectifier damage
fe)
Power voltage low
Temporarily cut off more than Check the power
20ms
ity
occurs during Power capacity inadequate Check the power
Instantaneously cut off
motor operation
Excessive heat radiator Check the loading
Circuit board fault Change the drive module
occurs when
Relay damage inside the Check motor
motor temperature

--- Page 50 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
Reduce loading
Reduce on-off frequency
Reduce torque limit value
ron curs Motor over-loading Reduce the related gain
Change bigger power drive
module and motor
Internal motor fault Change servo motor
Motor chuck machinery Check the loading machinery part
钙
occurs during Reduce loading
motor operation Loading excessive big Change bigger power drive
module and motor
Check wiring, input terminal
Input terminals OFF CCW uses power
abnormal and drive prohibition Correctly set the related
parameter
Check the wiring
Encoder damage Change the motor
Defective cable encoder Change the cable
Excessive long encoder Shorten cable
和 cable cause the encoder
去 Power with multi-core parallel
voltage low
Lower control internal 15V input Check the control power
Control
power Defective connector inside Change power module
underv the power module Check connector
oltage Switch power abnormal Check switch power
Chip damaged
occurs when
control power Circuit board fault Change the drive module
Power supply voltage lower Check drive module
加 Overheatin Power-on again
(8) Change drive module
ro)
人 Short circuit among the drive Check the wiring
occurs during |_unit Vand
motor operation Defective grounding Correct grounding
Motor insulation damage Change the motor
Increase circuit filter
Interfered Far away from interference
source
Short-circuit among the drive
unitU and Check the wiring
Defective grounding Correct grounding
Motor insulation damage Change the motor
Drive module damage Change the drive module

--- Page 51 ---
Chapter Five Alarm and Troubleshooting (Check encoder wiring no] @Check whether the correct. @Change drive unit Change the bigger power for
occurs when Change the specified drive unit ltoccurs Speed response deviation the specified drive unit and
control power Circuit board fault AE50 full electric injection 也 parameter configuration FPGA version signal read error
molding machine motor operation excessive big motor AE50 full electric
Check loading injection molding machine
Reduce on-off frequency
Operation with excessive rated Reduce torque limit value
torque Change bigger power
DSTO1A injection molding
和 machine drive unit and motor
Hold brake close Check the hold brake
occurs during Adjust gain
motor operation Motor instable oscillation @Increase acceleration/
deceleration time
Reduce loading inertia
One phase U,V and
disconnected for the specified
drive unit AE50 full electric Check the wiring
injection molding machine
Incorrect encoder wiring
380V 3-phase open-phase Check 3-phase power
module
Encoder Encoder damage Change the motor
counting Incorrect encoder wiring Check the wiring
error Defective grounding Correct grounding
Change the bigger power for
ltoccurs when Circuit board fault the specified drive unit AESO
full electric injection molding
control power
machine
Correctly set the related
Incorrect parameter setting
parameter
@Check loading
@Reduce on-off frequency
Long time operation with the @Reduce torque limit value
occurs during @Change bigger power for
excessive rated torque
motor operation the specified drive unit and
motor AE50 full electric
injection molding machine
Defective machinery driving Check machinery part

--- Page 52 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
Instable control power input Check the control power
Heat @Increase circuit filter
resetting interfered @Far away from interference
source
Change the specified drive unit
AE50 full injection
molding machine. Set the
specified drive unit type
习 Chip circuit board damage (Parameter No.1) AE50 full
electric injection molding machine
again after alter renovating，and
then recover the default
parameter.
occurs when Change the specified drive unit
control power Circuit board fault AE50 full injection
molding machine
Brake resistance wiring OFF
Brake transistor damage Change into the related type drive
Internal brake resistor module
damage
Reduce on-off frequency
Increase acceleration
occurs during /deceleration time constant
一 motor operation Reduce torque limit value
uate circuit capacity Reduce loading inertia
Change bigger power for the
specified drive unit and motor
full injection
molding machine
Main voltage excessive high Check power module
@Encoder cable damage @Change encoder cable
@Encoder damaged motor @Change the encoder the
@Circuit board damaged
drive module motor
@Change circuit board
@Interfered foreign
@Remove interference resource
electromagnetism
它 Change the specified drive unit
OChip circuit board damage AE50 full injection
298 @Current sensor damage
molding machine
eel power @Encoder selection error @Change encoder
error @Parameter setting error @Set encoder parameter
@Encoder cable damage @Change encoder cable
Encoder @Encoder the motor @Change the encoder the
occurs during
write encoder zero damaged motor
error @The interference from foreign @Far away from interference
electromagnetism source

--- Page 53 ---
Chapter Six Display and Operation
CHAPTER SIX DISPLAY AND OPERATION
6.1 Power Module Display
Observe whether the main circuit operation normal the ALARM and STATUS
indicators the power module; refer the following table.
Table 6-1 The display information power module indicator
STATUS ALARM Explanation Display information
rover
ALARN indicator Start resistor burnt (Unrecoverable, better
flash change the resistance from factory)
During operation Main circuit alarms (overvoltage, undervoltage,
open-phase and brake)
the moment The power during releasing the main circuit.
power off
Note: means OFF, means
6.2 The Keyboard Operation Drive Module
The specified drive unit panel AE50 full electric injection molding machine
composes LED nixie-tube displays and buttons ff), and which
displayed various states and setting parameter etc. Refer the following button
functions:
Series No. numerical value increase, option forward
由 Series No. numerical value decrease, option backward
Return the previous operation menu, cancel the operation
Enter; Enter the next operation menu, input the confirmation
Note: Hold the and the operations are repeatedly performed; the longer the hold time is, the faster the
repeated speed is.
6-digit LED nixie-tube displays each state and data the system; the decimal point
the overall nixie-tube the most right one flashes, which means the alarm occurs.
The operation performed based upon the multilayer menu; the layer main

--- Page 54 ---
Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Monitoring method 6.3 The Monitoring Method Drive Module are kinds display states, and user select the desired display mode 山 enter the concrete display state the [Enter again.
menu, which includes operation methods; the 2"d one the function menu under PA— Parameter setting Select “dP-“ the 1slayen then enter the monitoring method pressing Entel There
each operation method. Refer Fig. 6-1 Main menu operation frame: Parameter Enter
一 人
administration
Layer 一 Speed dry run 一
一 run
一 Reserved
co— Encoder zero
Open-loop operation
Fig. 6-1 Method operation frame

--- Page 55 ---
Chapter Six Display and Operation Note The pulse value unit inside the system one. For example: the pulse value expresses with high 5-bit low 5-bit matching with the 10000 pulse/rotation motor, the calculation method shown below: Note Control method: Analog speed torque control mode; Analog speed control mode; Switch value speed control mode; Speed dry run mode; JOG mode; Analog torque control mode; Industry Ethernet control mode; Encoder zero; Open-loop operation. Note the display number reaches 6-bit (For example: -12345), the prompt character will not displayed. Note The calculation method the motor current follows: Note The rotor absolute position the one-turn means that the rotor’s position related the stator, for example, Note Figure 6-3 shows the input terminal; the Figure 6-4 indicates the output terminal.
DP-SPd_] Motor speed (r/min) Motor speed 1000r/min Pulse value =alue -bit numerical value 100000 +0005 bit numerical value utd, one-turn regarded period, its range The rotor position information increase counting when
motor positive, and decrease one negative.
PoS Low 5-bit for current position (Pulse)
iti Current position 1245806 pulse
High S-bit for current position («100000 [P12]
PuSe
5-bit for rotor absolute position 本
(pulse) [Lc45810 jposition command 1245810
APo. righ for rotor absolute position pulse
pulse) Speed analog value offering
DP-As Analog speed command (r/min) [S150] 450r/min
[CT 50] Analog value offering 50%
Analog torque command Rated torque
DP_Bs_] Bus speed command(r/min) [S150] Speed bus offering 150r/min
Bus torque command Bus offering 50% rated torque
LDP-trq Feedback torque(%) Motor torque 50%
Feedback current (A) 加 L110] Motor current 10A
DP_TSP_] Linear speed (m/min) Linear speed 5.000m/min
DP-CNT Current control method [CNT Current control method
DP-Cs_] Command speed (r/min) [r. 50] Speed command -50r/min
DP_Ct_]| Command torque 20] Torque command -20%
Input terminal state [In|] Input terminal
DP-Out_] Output terminal state Output terminal
DP_Cod_] Encoder input signal [Cod Encoder signal
_DP-rn Operation state [rn- on] Operation state: operating
DP-Err_] Alarm code [Err NoQalarm
Reserved [U0]
Fig. 6-2 The operation frame monitoring method

--- Page 56 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Note Operation states are shown below: “mn- oFF”: Main circuit uncharged, servo system without operation; recommended that the dry run and JOG operation are performed during motor no-load, guard against the equipment accident. The specified drive unit SON (Servo enabling) the AE50 full electric injection molding machine should enabled, and the CCW, drive prohibition should Speed dry run method: The speed command can changed the buttons JOG operation method (JOG operation method): Press the and hold it, the motor
“rm- CH”: Main circuit charged, servo system without operation (Servo without enabling with alarm); disabled. this method. The motor will operate based upon the supplied speed and direction. only operates according the JOG speed; the motor stops releasing this button and hold zero
“rn- on”: Main circuit charged, servo system with operation. used the factory. speed; press and hold it, the motor reversely operates based the JOG speed; the
Note “Err means normal and without alarm. motor stops releasing this button and hold zero speed. only used factory.
SC2(Speed selection
(Zero clamping)
FIL(CCW torque limit) SC1 (Speed selection
RSTP (CW drive prohibition)
RIL(CW torque limit) FSTP(CCW drive prohibition)
ALRS (Alarm clear)
SEN (Function shift)
man SON (See enabling)
Fig. 6-3 Input terminal display (Stroke lights that means ON, and vice versa)
SCMP (Speed arrival)
Reserved ALM (Servo alarm)
SRDY (Servo ready)
Fig. 6-4 Output terminal display (Stroke lights that means ON, and vice versa)
6.4 Speed Dry Run and JOG Operation
Notice

--- Page 57 ---
Chapter Six Display and Operation Set the parameter No.4 select the analog speed operation mode. The CN1-5(SPD_REF) pin the servo CN1 terminal connected with the external The servo motor operation speed the external analog voltage 10V can set the For example: Parameter No.42 1500 means that the motor’s top speed 1500r/min (factory Parameter No.42 3000 means that the motor’s maximum speed 3000r/min when Precautions: The setting the parameter No.23 will affect the actual speed the 6.6 Analog Torque Operation Set the parameter No.4 select the analog torque operation mode. The CN1-7(TQ_REF) pin the servo CN1 terminal connects with the external The servo motor torque output value corresponding the external analog voltage can For example: Parameter No.44 100 means the setting motor the rated torque operation when Parameter No.44 300 means that the setting motor times operation the rated
6.5 Analog Speed Operation speed command input, and the CN1-15(SPD_GND) pin connected with external analog parameter No.42. setting) when set 10V input. set 10V input. motor. The motor speed 1500, the parameter No.23 set 1500, the parameter command input; the CN1-11(TQ_GND) pin connects with the external analog signal set 10V the parameter No.44. set 10V input. (Factory setting). torque when set 10V input.
speed signal grounding. The motor rotation speed can controlled adjusting the set 3000 and the external input set 5V. However, the motor’s speed will hold the grounding. The motor torque can controlled adjusting the external analog input
external analog input value. 1500 even the analog voltage increases consecutively. Accordingly, the setting value value.
the parameter No.23 should modified the same time meet the capacity
requirements.

--- Page 58 ---
H1BxXF= The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The top torque the speed arrival determined the parameter No.45 and Set the parameter No.4 select the analog speed analog torque operation The CN1-5(SPD_REF) pin the CN1 terminal connects with the external speed Refer the Section 6.7 analog sped operation and the Section 6.8 analogy torque 6.8 Other Control Methods The encoder zero function used only factory, user can not perform it. The open-loop method only used factory, user can not perform it. Although the command voltage set “OV”, the motor may still perform with slight
together. The maximum speed the minimum value between parameter No.45 and 23. mode. command input; the CN1-15(SPD_GND) pin connects with the external analog sped signal operation for the parameter setting method. 6.9 Analog Value Input Command Zero speed when the speed and torque are controlled. This caused with the slight value (mV
6.7 Analog Speed Analog Torque Operation grounding; the CN1-7(TQ_REF) pin connects with the analog speed command input; Unit) “offset” from the previous level equipment external command voltage. The zero
CN1-11(TQ_GND) connects with the external analog torque signal grounding. The speed modification can performed the Parameter No.41 analog speed and No.43 analog
and torque can separately controlled this control mode. torque command zero modification values; the external analog input value set “OV”
this “offset value”; the values both the DP-As and DP-At are treated zero, and then the
motor will not perform the slight rotation offset.

--- Page 59 ---
Chapter Seven Power-on Operation The specified drive unit and motor AE5O full electric injection molding machine recommended that the specified drive units power the AE50 full electric The power can turned after confirming the wiring connected. tis necessary connect ESP circuit ensure the power can immediately After the fault for the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding not touch the specified drive unit and motor the AE50 full electric injection The specified drive unit and motor the AE50 full electric injection molding machine 7.1 Power Connection Refer the Fig. 7-1 for the power connection, and connect the power based upon the following sequence. The power connected the input terminal and the injection molding The power the control circuit connected with the power module prior The main circuit power delays 1.5s after turned on, servo ready signal (SRDY)
CHAPTER SEVEN POWER-ON OPERATION should grounded, terminal should connected with the equipment grounding. injection molding machine supplies the isolation transformer and power filter stopped when fault occurs (Refer the Fig. 7-1). machine alarms, important confirm that the fault removed and the SON molding machine after the power turned off for 5min least prevent the electric machine power module DTSO2A-POW. The bus output terminal and the main circuit; only the control circuit power turned on, the servo ready signal ON. this case, the servo enabling (SON) signal can accepted, and then
ensure the safety and anti-interference capacity. disabled before restarting the machine. shock. the servo drive power module are separately connected the and input (SRDY) then OFF. inspect effective servo enabling. The specified drive unit output the AE5O full
terminals the servo drive module. Wherein, the power module and should
connected with brake resistance.

--- Page 60 ---
441BXF= ~The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The PWM circuit turned after 1.5s when servo enabling connected with the The soft-start and dynamic brake circuits may damaged frequently turning ESP OFF pot
electric injection molding machine enabled and the motor excites the operation power. on/off the power; times/hour and below times/day the on/off pet
state. The servo enabling disabled alarms, the PWM circuit inside the drive frequency. The power can turned again after cooling 30min when the fault
module closes and the motor the electric brake state. removed the specified drive unit motor the AE50 full electric injection 一 aioe
molding machine overheating. NFB
3-Ph Noisy 人
380V
Brake.
一 resistance 中
220V
24V
Drive main
Drive unit
power
Fig. 7-1 Power module wiring
Power-on time sequence and alarm sequence:
Control circuit
power 、<1s
Servo alarm
output (ALM)
Main circuit <1.5s
power
Servo ready output Response within 10ms
(SRDY)
Servo enabling
input(SON) <10ms
<10ms 站
Servo motor
excited
Fig. 7-2 Power-on time sequence

--- Page 61 ---
Chapter Seven Power-on Operation
Control circuit power
Servo alarm output
(ALM)
Main circuit power
一 <1.5s
Servo ready output
(SRDY)
一
within 10ms
Alarm clear (ALRS)
>50ms
Servo enabling
input(SON) <10ms <10ms
Servo motor excited
should reliably cut
off after alarm.
Fig. 7-3 Alarm time sequence
7.2 Inspection Before the Operation
Firstly inspect the following items before the power turned on, meanwhile after
the installation and connection are performed.
Inspect whether the power terminal wiring correct and the input voltage
reliable and proper.
Inspect whether the power and motor cables are short-circuited
grounded.
Inspect whether the encoder cable connection correct.
Inspect the control signal terminal connection accurate and the power
polar and dimension are correct.
Inspect the specified drive unit and motor AE50 full electric injection
molding machine firmly fixed.
Inspect whether the motor shaft connected the loading.

--- Page 62 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual Incorrect parameter setting may cause equipment damage and hazard; confirm whether the parameter correct before starting. (1) [Speed proportional gain] The setting value the parameter No.5 set (2) [Analog speed command modification value] The setting value the parameter (3) [Speed integral time constant] The setting value the parameter No.6 set Analog torque control (1) Set the suitable [Speed proportional gain] and [Speed integral time constant). (2) [Analog torque command modification value] The setting the parameter
7.3 Motor Response Adjustment Analog speed control bigger possible without vibration. Generally, the bigger the loading inertia is, No.41 the zero offset compensation value the analog speed input. The bigger possible based upon the specified condition. The response speed may No.43 zero offset compensation analog input. The setting the parameter
the bigger the setting value the [Speed proportional gain] is. setting value the parameter No.42 set the maximum analog voltage rise when the [Speed integral time constant] set excessive big, but easy No.44, set the top analog voltage corresponding the maximum motor torque
corresponding top motor rotation speed. The setting value the parameter vibrate. And therefore, better set bigger possible without vibration (percentage rated torque). The setting the parameter No.19 the analog
No.18 the low-pass coefficient analog speed input; the bigger the setting condition. The speed appears bigger change along with the loading alteration torque input low-pass filter coefficient; the bigger the setting value is, the higher
value is, the higher the cut-off frequency is. when the [Speed integral time constant] set excessive small. general, the the cut-off frequency is.
bigger the loading inertial is, the smaller the setting value the [Speed integral
time constant] is.

--- Page 63 ---
Chapter Eight Production Technology Specification
CHAPTER EIGHT PRODUCT TECHNOLOGY SPECIFICATION
Notice
The specified drive unit the AE5O full electric injection molding machine should matched
with the servo motor; this manual describes the adapted GSK SJT series servo motor. better
note before ordering user matches other factory’s servo motor.
8.1 The Technology Specification Power Module
Table 8-1 The power module parameter for the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection
molding machine
www
[2000
8.2 The Technology Specification Drive Module
Table 8-2 The main parameter for the specified drive unit AE50 full electric injection molding
machine
Drive unit type DTS01A-050 DTS01A-075 DTS01A-075 DTS01A-300
Bus
Working: 0°C ~55°C Storage transportation: -20°C ~+70°C
Humidity Less than 90% (Without condensation)
Less than 0.5G (4.9m/s Hz~60 (Non-consecutive operation)

--- Page 64 ---
Sr- The Specified Drive Unit AE50 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
(1) Analog speed analog torque (2) Analog speed control mode (3) Switch
Control method value speed control mode (4) Speed dry run mode (5) JOG mode (6) Analog
torque control mode (7) Encoder zero method (8) Open-loop mode
Dynamicbrake
Speed wave rate: <+0.03 (Loading 100%);
<+0.02x (0.9~1.1) Power voltage
(The numerical value corresponds the rates speed)
Signal input Speed command Command
台 Voltage range DC+10V
Torque command Command
Voltage range DC+10V
Internal There are internal speed modes can selected based upon the external
@Servo enabling @Alarm clear @CCW drive prohibition @CW drive
Control input prohibition 人 Speed selection 1/zero speed clamping @Speed selection
Acceleration/decelera Parameter setting acceleration/deceleration time 1ms~10000ms (0r/min~
Rotation, current position, motor torque, motor current, linear speed, rotor
Monitoring function absolute position, operation status, input/output terminal signal, analog
speed input, analogy torque input command etc.
Protective function Overspeed, power overvoltage/undervoltage, overcurrent,
overloading, brake abnormal, encoder abnormal, control power abnormal
aera
Available loading
8.3 Servo Motor Specification
The following table the parameter explanation AE50 full electric injection molding machine
standard configuration servo motor. The motor specifications may differ from the product alteration;
better touch the factory refer the machine itself.

--- Page 65 ---
Chapter Eight Production Technology Specification
Table 8-3 The main parameter AE50 standard configuration motor
130SJT-M100DH 130SJT-M150DH 175SJT-M380BH 220SJT-M960BH
(A4l) (A4l) (A4IY1) (A4IY1)
aaa
Drive module input
3-phase 380
voltage (V)
有
Rated torque (N-m)
Rated speed (r/min)
Note: Refer the motor user manual for the concrete parameters and specifications.