--- Page 1 ---
Preface Safety Precaution
This user manual describes all proceedings concerning the Full
Electric Injection Molding Machine detail much possible. However,
impractical give particular descriptions for all unnecessary
unallowable system operations due the manual text limit, product
specific applications and other causes. Therefore, the proceedings not
indicated herein should considered impractical unallowable.
This user manual the property GSK CNC Equipment Co., Ltd.
All rights are reserved. against the law for any organization
individual publish reprint this manual without the express written
permission GSK and the latter reserves the right ascertain their legal
liability.
This User Manual only suitable for both the specified drive unit
main power and drive modules for AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding
Machine. better refer the material object touch GSK because
some different description may occur along with the alternation the
production.

--- Page 2 ---
the specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual It's our pleasure for your patronage and purchase the AE-100 This user manual fully described the function and operation methods for the SECURITY WARNING order guarantee the product safety, normal and effective very essential note the following marks when you read this
PREFACE Full Electric Injection Molding Machine Drive Unit made GSK CNC specified drive unit main power and drive module AE-100 Full Electric Injection 人 Improper operation may generate accident，the person who can operation; important read this manual before installing using user manual.
Your Excellency, Equipment Co., Ltd. Molding Machine; that the user can entirely understand the integrated drive operate this product with the corresponding qualification. product. 人 Warning means that the wrong operation may cause the disaster
unit, and use safely and effectively. result death serious injury.
人 Caution means that the wrong operation may cause hurt the
operator, well damage the equipment.

--- Page 3 ---
Preface Safety Precaution The stack product cartons should less than layers. not climb, stand and place the heavy matters the cartons. not use the cable connected with the product drag transport the not impact and scratch the panel and the display screen. Keep away the damp, sunshine and rain the cartons. inspection Confirm whether the product the one you purchased after unpacking. Check whether the product damaged during transporting. Confirm the components are completed and without damage based upon Itis better contact our company immediately the inconsistent product Wiring The person who attends the wiring and inspection should the The product should reliably grounded, and its grounding resistance The wiring should correct and firm, order avoid the product fault The surge absorber diode with the product should connected with the necessary cut off the product power before performing the plug
人 Notice means that improper use may damage the product and product. the list. type, absent accessory damage due transportation. professional with corresponding ability. should less than 0.10; not use the neutral conductor (zero line) unexpected result occurs. specified direction; otherwise, the product may damaged.
device. instead the grounding cable.
SAFETY PRECAUTION
Transportation and storage

--- Page 4 ---
Qr- The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual important cut off the power before inspecting. Check whether the machine fault when short-circuit overloading not frequently perform the ON/OFF the product; better wait for SECURITY RESPONSIBILITY Security responsibility the manufacturer —Manufacturer should take responsibility for the design and structure should take responsibility for the security the drive should take responsibility for the offered information Security responsibility the users —User should know and understand about the contents security 一 一 User should take responsibility for the security and danger because —User should take responsibility for the danger without following the
open the product case. occurs. Restart can performed after the fault eliminated. 1min. least when restarting after the power turned off. danger the drive unit and the accessories which have been unit and accessories. and suggestions for the user. operations learning and training the security operations the increasing, changing modifying the original motor accessory operations, maintenances, installations and storages described the
alnspection Repair eliminated and/or controlled. motor. themselves. manual.

--- Page 5 ---
Safety Warning The design and manufacture this product not used the machinery and necessary consider the safety protective measure the design and Confirmation necessary store and transport based upon the products storage and not pile higher, prevent from dropping The product should packed integrally. not drag the cable, motor axis and encoder transportation servo motor. The specified drive unit and servo motor AE-100 full electric injection Installation Caution
SAFETY WARNING system threatening for personal safety. manufacture when the machinery and system user selects this product; Caution transportation environment molding machine can not undergo the foreign force and impact. The specified power module, drive module and servo motor AE-100 full
Warning prevent the unexpected accident from improper operation abnormal Never attempt use the damaged faulted products. electric injection molding machine:
product. Transportation not install on/close the flammable matter avoid fire.
Caution Avoid vibration; keep away impacting
not install when the components are damaged absent.

--- Page 6 ---
WEI the Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual must installed inside the defense level zIP43 controllable cabinet. Keep adequate space from other equipment. should have good radiating condition. prevent the dust, corrosion gas, conductor, liquid, flammable and explosive Servo motor: The installation should firmed avoid releasing because the vibration. Prevent the motor and encoder being damaged from liquid invading. Never attempt knock the motor and motor axis, avoid the damage Motor axis can not bear the overloading. Wiring The person who attends the wiring inspection should have adequate ability for The wiring and inspection should performed after the power turned off for The specified drive unit main power, drive module and servo motor AE-100 full Incorrect voltage power polarity may cause explosion operation accident. The wiring AE-100 full electric injection molding machine can performed after Ensure that the cable insulation; avoid pressing the cable, not electric The wiring should correct and firmed, otherwise, the servo motor may Servo motor and terminals can not connected reversely and the power. The servo motor should connected directly with drive module, which can not
The specified drive unit the AE-100 full electric injection molding matters from entering. encoder. this job. 5min. electric injection molding machine should grounded. its power module, drive module and servo motor are installed. shock. operated incorrectly, well, and the device may damaged due poor
machine: connection.

--- Page 7 ---
Safety Warning connect with the capacitor, inductor filter. Prevent the conducting fastener and cable head from entering the drive unit. The cable and heat-resistance-matter can not close the radiator and servo motor The fly-wheel diode connected parallel the output relay can not Debugging operation Confirm whether the power module, drive module and servo motor already The servo motor should operated without loading before debugging. The Usage ESP circuit should connected ensure that the equipment can necessary confirm the operation signal already turned off before The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should not frequently switch on/off the power module prevent the system from The specified power module, drive module and servo motor the AE-100 full not refit the power and drive modules. VII
the drive unit. connected reversely. Caution installed, and firmed before the power turned on; and check whether its loading debugging can performed after the parameter setting confirmed. Caution immediately stopped and the power can cut off soon when unexpected alarm reset; otherwise, may suddenly start again. matched with the specified servo motor. damaging. electric injection molding machine may heated after continues operate.
power and wiring are correct. Prevent the machinery and equipment damage from the fault operation. accident occurs. Never attempt touch the radiator and motor the drive unit when operating
after the power turned off for while.

--- Page 8 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual The remaining voltage drive unit still holds for while even the power The person who attends the disassembly and maintenance should have the Caution necessary remove the fault reason when alarm occurs. Perform the Far away from the machine when instantaneous stop occurs and after the power Option The rated torque servo motor should higher the enabled consecutive The moment inertia value divided the motor one, which should less The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine Vil
Troubleshooting turned off. not disassemble the cable after power off for 5min; well, not corresponding professional knowledge. restart alarm signal before restarting it. turned again, because the machine may suddenly start (The design the 个 notice loading one. than the recommended value. should adapted with the servo motor.
Warning touch the terminal. machine should without hazard when restart.

--- Page 9 ---
Safety Warning All specifications and designs are subject change without This manual reserved final user. Sincere thanks for your supporting GSK’s products. Chinese version all technical documents Chinese and
notice. English languages regarded final.

--- Page 10 ---
the specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual

--- Page 11 ---
List CHAPTER ONE 1.2 Drive Unit Module 1.3 Delivered Inspectigon 1.4 Product AppearanCe 2.2 The Appearance Dimension and Installation Drive Unit 2.3 Servo Motor Installation 3.2 Power Module Terminal 3.3 The Wiring Drive 和 3.4 Drive Module Terminal 3.5 I/O Interface 3.6 The Integrated Connection Diagram Drive Unit ppp 5.2 Alarm Troubleshooting 6.2 The Keyboard Operation Drive 6.4 Speed Dry Run and JOG 6.6 Analog Torque 6.7 Analog Speed Analog Torque 6.9 Analog Value Input Command 7.2 Inspection Before the 7.3 Motor Response 8.2 The Technology Specification Drive 8.3 Servo Motor Specification
LIST 1.1 Product CHAPTER TWO 了 CHAPTER THREE CHAPTER FOUR CHAPTER SIX DISPLAY AND OL, 6.3 The Monitoring Method Drive 6.5 Analog Speed 6.8 Other Control MethodS CHAPTER SEVEN POWER-ON CHAPTER EIGHT PRODUCT TECHNOLOGY
2.1 Environment 3.1 Power Module 4.1 List 6.1 Power Module Display. 7.1 Power Connectigon 8.1 The Technology Specification Power Module
CHAPTER FIVE ALARM AND
5.1 Alarm

--- Page 12 ---
the specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine User Manual
XII

--- Page 13 ---
Chapter One Summary The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Injection Molding Machine (it also called The specified drive unit main power and its unit AE-100 full electric injection molding owns more advantages comparing with the traditional control system. Low energy-consumption greatly saves the electric energy and reduces the production cost, which saves 20% 50% High control accuracy The servo drive system and closed-loop configured 17-bit absolute encoder, and its Excellent consecutive packing and low-velocity performance The packing time servo control system longer and its pressure more stable High response velocity The response velocity the servo control system fast, and the pressure response time
CHAPTER ONE SUMMARY The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full-Digital Full Electric Injection Molding Machine) machine should matched, which used the new high-efficient and energy-saving comparing with the traditional control method. repeated accuracy greatly improved. comparing with the traditional one. stable with low velocity and its conversion speed extremely short.
1.1 Product Brief new full-digital drive unit product GSK, which used high-performance 32-bit Digital Signal digital full electric injection molding machine GSK. steady.
Processor (DSP), Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) and MITUBISHI Intelligent Power
Module (IPM). owns the high integration, small size, completed protection, perfect reliability,
and uses the optimal PID calculation and performs the PWM control. Its performance has
been reached the advanced level comparing the similar product with the domestic and
overseas.

--- Page 14 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
1.2 Drive Unit Module Explanation
Power module Perform AC-DC conversion function, turn 3-phase AC380V
(Also, called drive unit power into DC538V offering the drive module. means
module) DTSO2A-POW AE-100.
Perform DC-AC conversion function, turn DC538V into
Drive module alterable voltage and frequence 3-phase outputting
Also, lled dri dri
(Also, His nos the servo motor. the overall the DTS01A-50,
module
DTS01A-100, DTSO2A-200 and DTSO2A-450 AE-100.
Drive unit combined drive unit power module and drive module;
(Also, called motor drive unit the overall the DTSO2A-POW,
servo drive unit) DTS01A-100, DTSO2A-200 and DTSO2A-450 AE-100.
1.3 Delivered Inspection
better inspect immediately based upon the following items after receiving goods.
you have any questions, touch the supplier our company.
Fen
Check the drive unit and servo motor; confirm better confirm based upon the drive unit
whether the matched goods are the ordered one. mark and servo motor nameplate.
Check whether the goods are damaged during Check the overall appearance the goods, and
transportation. should integrated and perfect.
Check whether the cable released. Check whether loosened slightly shake.
Check whether the screw loosened. Check whether loosened screwdriver.
Notice
The damaged absent component the servo drive unit can not installed.
The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should matched with
servo motor with its corresponding performance.
Please touch the supplier our company, you have any questions after you received the
goods.

--- Page 15 ---
Chapter One Summary
Type meaning:
(1) The specified power module type AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
DTS02A- POW
Power module
The series code servo drive unit
(2) The specified drive module type AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
DTS01A- kxx|
Power component nominal current drive module (For example: DTSO2A-450)
一 The series code servo drive unit
(3) Servo motor type
The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine the motor
drive unit matched wit the full electric injection molding machine, which developed GSK,
well the motor. The Chapter Eight offers the data GSK SJT series servo motor; and
other data the servo motor supplied with its servo motor.
Accessories
(1) The standard accessories AE-100 full electric injection molding machine drive unit
User Manual (This manual) copy
CN1 (50-core high density plug) sets (Note
CN2 (26-core high density plug) sets (Note
Note better adapted with the signal cable (3m) when matching with our control system.
Note User can select the feedback cable (3m) when offer the servo motor.
(2) The basis accessory servo motor supplied according the servo motor user manual

--- Page 16 ---
Wim The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
1.4 Product Appearance
The appearance figure power module
bus wiring
terminal
Contactor
DTSO2A-POW
POWER SUPPLY MODULE UNIT
Main power alarm CXL
interface
CNS
ALARM
Control power
interface STATUS
Main power wiring CN7
terminal~380AC
Brake resistance
wiring terminal
veel aes
Grounding
terminal
Fig. 1-1 The specified drive unit power module appearance AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine

--- Page 17 ---
Chapter One Summary
Drive module appearance
bus wiring
terminal
Signal terminal
Feedback terminal
CX2
Bus interface (Note
Main power alarm (NS
interface (Note
Brake resistance CN5
interface (Note
CNG
Control power
interface
Tee
Motor wiring .220V DTSUOLA-XXX
terminal Note
Fig. 1-2 The specified drive unit module appearance AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
Note AE-100 full electric injection molding machine matches drive modules, DTSOXA-XXX means any
the DTSO1A-50, DTSO1A-100, DTSO2A-200 and DTSO02A-450. The drive unit configuration may differ
from the alterations the injection molding machines; better refer the machine touch GSK.
Note The bus interface CN3 and CN4 are not used yet, which are reserved for upgrading later.
Note The power module alarm interface connected with the drive module CN5, which
reserved other type drive unit modules.
Note The brake resistance interface CN6 在 DTS01A-50 reserved.

--- Page 18 ---
及 三 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Servo motor appearance
Encoder socket
Motor socket
ua)
Motor installation face
AZ.
Motor shaft extension OCA
LEZ LEE
Feedback encoder
Lo)
也 Motor
Fig. 1-3 SJT series servo motor appearance

--- Page 19 ---
Chapter Two Installation The storage and installation the product should suitable for the environment condition. The pile quantity the product restrained, which can not pile too much, prevent The storage and transportation the product should used the original package. The damaged absent component the product can not installed. The installation the product should used the fire-proof material; not install the The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should installed The specified drive unit main power, drive module and servo motor the AE-100 full electric Never drag the servo motor cable, motor shaft and encoder. 2.1 Environment Condition
CHAPTER TWO INSTALLATION damage and drop from pressing. flammable surface neighbor avoid the fire hazard. inside the electric cabinet prevent the dust, corrosive gas, conducting material, liquid injection molding machine should avoided the vibration and impact. The specified drive unit
Notice and flammable matter from entering. AE-1 full electric GSK SJT series servo motor
injection molding
machine
Usage 一 +55 (without freeze) -20°C ~+40°C (without freeze)
Below 95%RH (Without Below 90%RH (Without condensation)
condensation
Storage -40°C ~+55°C -40°C ~+70°C
transportation 95%RH (Without Below 80%RH (Without condensation)
temperature/humidity condensation)
Atmosphere There corrosive gas, There corrosive gas, flammable gas,
flammable gas, oil mist oil mist dust etc. inside the indoor
environment dust etc. inside the (without sunshine).
controllable cabinet.
Altitude height Below altitude 1000m Below altitude 2000m
Less than 0.5G (4.9m/s2), Hz~~60Hz (Non-consecutive operation)
electric cabinet with 2IP43

--- Page 20 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
2.2 The Appearance Dimension and Installation Drive Unit
The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should
installed inside the electric cabinet with perfect protection
The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should
installed according the specified direction and interval guarantee good radiating
condition.
Never install on/clear the flammable material avoid fire hazard.
Installation environment
(1) Defense
The structure the specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
without defense, and therefore, should installed inside the electric cabinet with good
protective avoid touching the corrosive flammable gas; prevent the conducting material,
metal dust, oil mist and liquid from entering it.
(2) Temperature, humidity
Environment temperature 0°C~+55°C, the consecutive safety working temperature
below the 45°C. order guarantee the ambient temperature around the specified drive unit
AE-100 full electric injection molding machine not consecutively raised, the draft should
blown the radiator the drive unit.
(3) Vibration and impact
The installation the specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
can not vibrate; the vibration should controlled under 0.5G (4.9m/s2) with some damping
measure. The installation the drive unit can not undertake the over-pressure and impacting.
Appearance dimension
The AE-100 full electric injection molding machine produced GSK suitable for one power
module and drive modules, which separately corresponds DTSO2A-POW, DTS01A-50,
DTS01A-100, DTSO2A-200 and DTS02A-450. User can adapt the baseplate panel installation
methods, and the installation direction vertical the installation face upward (Refer the Fig.
2-1 The dimension figure drive unit installation board aperture).

--- Page 21 ---
Chapter Two Installation
DTSO2A-POW
Fig. 2-1 The aperture dimension DTSO2A-POW
DTSOIA
ive
cates
Fig. 2-1(b) The aperture dimension DTS01A-50

--- Page 22 ---
及 三 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
RDI
int
100
Fig. 2-1(c) The aperture dimension DTSO1A-100
DTSO2A-200
一 一
eee,
Fig. 2-1(d) The aperture dimension

--- Page 23 ---
Chapter Two Installation (1) Defense The GSK SJT series servo motor not water-proof, and therefore prevent the liquid from Note: user needs the water-proof motor, better give indication the factory. (2) Temperature, humidity The ambient temperature holds -20°C +40°C (without freeze). The motor may heat due The humidity should less than 90%RH and without condensation. (3) Vibration
splashing the motor, and avoid the oil water entering the motor from its leading wire and the long-term operation; better radiating the motor the narrow space the heat
motor shaft. equipment around it.
.器 DTSO2A-450
Fig. 2-1(e) The aperture dimension DTSO2A-450
2.3 Servo Motor Installation
Notice
Never knock the motor shaft encoder, prevent the motor from vibrating impacting.
not drag the motor shaft, leading-out cable encoder when moving the motor.
The motor shaft can not undertaken the overloading; otherwise, the motor may
damaged.
The motor installation should firmed with the locking measure.
Installation environment

--- Page 24 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
The servo motor should avoided install the vibration situation, and the vibration should
less than equals 0.5G (4.9m/s?).
Installation method
(1) Installation method
The SJT series motor uses flange installation method, and motor installation direction
arbitrary.
(2) Installation notice
Never knock the motor motor shaft when disassembling the belt wheel prevent the
encoder from damaging. better disassemble the screw-type push/pull tool.
SJT series motor can not endure huge axis/radial direction loading.
recommended connect the loading with spring coupling.
The motor should fixed check washer prevent the motor from loosening.

--- Page 25 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
CHAPTER THREE WIRING
Warning
The person who attends the wiring inspection should have adequate ability deal
with this job.
The wiring and inspection should performed after the power turned off for 5min
avoid electric shock.
人 Caution
necessary connect based upon the terminal pressure and polarity avoid
equipment damage personal injury.
The specified drive unit the AE-100 full electric injection molding machine and the
terminal the servo motor are grounded firmly.
3.1 Power Module Wiring
Fig. 3-1 shows the configuration DTSO2A-POW interface terminal.
Path: PE, and terminal wire diameter 16mm? (Copper wire), PB, terminal
wire diameter 4mm? (Copper wire).
TB1 四
CN5 TB2
CN1 CN7
ALMB ALM8
ALM7
ALM7
让
oN? GND eo.
ALM6 ALM6 est
AIMS
Fig. 3-1 DTSO2A-POW electric terminal figure

--- Page 26 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
3.2 Power Module Terminal Function
Table 3-1 Terminal function explanation DTSO2A-POW
Terminal Terminal
Signal name
No. mark
Brake resistance uses the dynamic
Brake resistance braking. Power module can normally
terminal operated after connecting the external brake
resistance; and can not connected
directly.
Main circuit power Main circuit power inputs 3-phase 380V
cers eee
connected with the power grounding and
Protective motor one, and its protective grounding
grounding terminal resistance should less than equals
0.10.
postive terminal
negative Output 538V
terminal
Contactor control used for controlling the main circuit
terminal power input the power module. The main
Contactor control circuit power turned off when drive unit
terminal fault occurs.
CNS-1 Main circuit
CN5-2 open-phase alarm Alarm signal output
CN5-3 Main circuit brake
Alarm signal output
Alarm signal
GND Alarm signal grounding
CNS-7 Main circuit
Alarm signal output
under-voltage alarm
CN5-9 Main circuit
Alarm signal output
CN5-10 over-voltage alarm
The control circuit power input/output
~CN72 Single-phase control
terminal 220V 50Hz connected with
ons pve
the the drive module CN7.
Without connecting the reservation

--- Page 27 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
3.3 The Wiring Drive Module
The external wiring figure drive module
Servo motor
Motor
一
Bus voltage
Woo
AC220V
Drive module
Analog speed command input, ony REE
Analog speed grounding SPD GND
Analog torque command input: REE
Analog torque grounding GND
GND. 对
VCC
VCC
Analog value output grounding
Analog ignalouput WCC
nalog torque signal outpu
DSL
12V~24V DAV _DMAt 一 一 Encoder
Control method shift SEN DMA
Servo enabling SON
Alarm clear 一 ALRS 14| ayy
Speed selection1 SCUNS
Servoready SRDY
Servo alarm ALM
Speed arrvial
“21 Encoder signal
Output common terminal
Shielding cable
Fig. 3-2 The external wiring drive module
Drive module interface explanation
(1) The power terminal TB3, TB4 drive module
TB3
四
Fig. 3-3 The power terminal drive unit

--- Page 28 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Table 3-2 The external leading-wire diameter each drive module AE-100
DTS02A-450 DTSO2A-200 DTS01A-100 DTS01A-50
Note: The abovementioned leading-wire used the copper wire.
(2) Control signal CN1
CN1 50-core high density plug, and its pin definition shown below:
Absolute
Absolute PSO+ encoder
phase
grounding
nalog torque cable terminal
command
grounding
Analog speed able termina
Analog torque|
SPD Analog speed Servo
Speed
”SC1/ZS selection
Input terminal
Speed arrival 人 "power
SCMP Output
terminal
Servo ready common port
SRDY
Servo alarm
49. ALM Output
Fig. 3-4 CN1 pin
Wire diameter: adopts the shielding cable (It better use the twisted shielding cable);
its wire diameter and the shielding layer should connected with terminal.

--- Page 29 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
Wire length: The cable should shortened much possible, and the control CN1 cable
should less than 3m.
Wiring: better depart from the dynamic wire prevent the interference from entering.
Install the surge absorber component the sensitive parts (coils) the corresponding
circuit: coil reverse parallel fly-wheel diode, coil parallel resistance-capacitance
absorption circuit
(3) Encoder feedback signal terminal CN2
The encoder feedback signal terminal CN2 26-core high density plug, which matched with
the 17bit absolute encoder; and its pin distribution shown below:
DSL+
psi Encoder DSL
input GND Power output Encoder
‘Power output grounding Encoder
GND grounding DMAt+ DMA+output
VCC Power output VCC Power output
VCC Power output VCC Power output
grounding
able termina
ele} ete
13.
Fig. 3-5 CN2 pin
Wire diameter: adopts the shielding cable (It better use the twisted shielding cable);
its wire diameter and the shielding layer should connected with terminal.
Wire length: The cable should shortened much possible, and the control CN2 cable
should less than 20m.
Wiring: better depart from the dynamic wire prevent the interference from entering.
(4) Other terminal figures
Wherein, the bus interface CN3 and CN4 are reserved.

--- Page 30 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual and should connected with the motor winding one one, which can not The cable and leading-wire should fixed and can not close the specified drive unit There high-capacity electrolytic capacitor inside the specified drive unit AE-100 full 3.4 Drive Module Terminal Function
Bus interface CN5 CN6 CN7 performed reversely. radiator and motor AE-100 full electric injection molding machine, order avoid electric injection molding machine; the remaining voltage will still hold even the power Power terminal
reducing the insulation performance due the heat. turned off. not touch the specified drive unit and motor AE-100 full electric injection Table 3-3 The function explanations drive module terminal
CN3 ALM7 molding machine after the power turned off for 5min. Terminal Terminal Signal
工 No. mark name
(XD GND PHolD bus positive terminal Main circuit power input terminal
DHOLD connected with TB2 the power
AIMS TB32 bus negative terminal module unit.
Fig. 3-6 Other terminals Protective grounding terminal; the protective
Notice Protective grounding grounding resistance should less than
terminal 0.10, servo motor output and power input
common
3-phase output should connected with the motor
[TB43 terminal and terminal one one.
TB44
ENS Mai open phase arm signal input
alarm
ALM Main circuit brake alarm Alarm signal input
GND Alarm signal grounding Alarm signal grounding
CN5-7 ALM6 Main circuit under-voltage Alarm signal input

--- Page 31 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
ais Nain cou Alarm signal input
~CN5-10_| alarm
CN6-1 PHOLD Electric brake relay contactor output
terminal, the relay actuates when the drive
Electric brake unit fault occurs stops, external
connection performed between brake
resistance and motor
Control power single The control circuit power input/output
hase termival terminal 220V connected with
the tof CN7 the power module unit.
Only the injection drive unit with CN5 interface the drive unit and others are reserved.
Different drive module types match with different brake resistance. Refer the following table
(Wherein, there brake resistance DTS01A-50).
Table 3-4 The brake resistance specification each drive module AE-100
Brake resistance
parameter
Resistance value (Ohm)
Drive module
DTS02A-200
DTS02A-450 PKB
Control terminal CN1
Table 3-5 Control signal input/output terminal CN1
Signal
name
Analog velocity command input terminal, its
input voltage range -10V +10V; the
corresponding rotation range
determined the parameter No.42.
Analog velocity For example: the parameter No.42 set
command input 3000, the top analog velocity command
voltage corresponds the rotation speed
(R/MIN, -3000r/min 3000r/min). may
limited top speed exceeds the
maximum speed.
Analog velocity
Anat velocty grounding

--- Page 32 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual Analog torque x50 100 15N-m
Analog velocity command input terminal, its command input For example: indicates with the percentage
input voltage range -10V +10V; the the rated torque. the rated torque
corresponding torque range can_ 30N-m and the setting value 50, and then
determined the parameter No.44. the torque the maximum analog torque
command x50 100 15N-m.
Analog value
output Analog value output grounding
grounding
The analog torque signal output voltage
range -10V +10V, which determined
the torque range the parameter No.44.
For example: indicates with the percentage
Analog torque the rated torque. the rated torque
signal output 30N-m and the setting value 50, and then
the analog torque output range 10V
+10V and its corresponding torque
-15N-m~15N-m.
Shift the input terminal with servo control
method; the shift method can can
determined the parameter No.10.
Control method shift selection:
[0] not shift
[1]Shift the analog torque control mode
analog speed control method when SEN
Control method closes.
shift terminal [2] Shift analog (Speed torque) control
mode the analog speed control method
when SEN closes.
[3] Shift analog speed control mode the
analog torque control method when SEN
closes.
[4] Shift analog (speed torque) control
mode analog torque control method when
SEN closes.
Servo enabling input terminal
[1] SON ON: the specified drive unit
AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine operates.
[2] SON OFF: the specified drive unit
Servo enabling AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine stops; the motor the free state
after stopping operation.
Note The motor should still when the SON
OFF opened before the SON ON.
Note The command can input waiting for
least 50ms after opening SON ON.
Alarm clear input terminal
Alarm clear [1] ALRS ON: system alarm clears.
ALRS OFF: system alarm holds.

--- Page 33 ---
Chapter Three Wiring
Velocity selection input terminal
the velocity control method, the
combination SC1 and SC2 used (at
present, the SC1 and SC2 are OFF)
select different internal speed
Speed [1] SC1 OFF, SC2 OFF: internal speed
selection [2] SC1 ON, SC2 OFF: internal speed
Zero speed [3] SC1 OFF, SC2 ON: internal speed
clamping [4] SC1 OFF, SC2 ON: internal speed
Note: The numerical value the internal
speed 1~4 can modified parameter.
Zero speed clamping enables analog value
control. The motor rotation speed forcedly
set when zero speed clamping enables.
Servo ready output terminal
[1] SRDY ON: Control power and power
module are normal. There alarm
for the specified drive unit AE-100 full
Servo ready electric injection molding machine;
output servo ready output ON.
[2] SRDY OFF: The power module
opens the DTSO1A injection molding
machine unit alarms; servo ready output
OFF.
ALM ON: There alarm for the
specified drive unit full
electric injection molding machine;
Servo alarm servo alarm output ON.
output [2] ALM OFF: There alarm for the
specified drive unit full
electric injection molding machine;
servo alarm output OFF.
Speed arrival output terminal
Speed arrival The speed arrival outputs when the
output speed arrives exceeds the setting
one.
common The grounding common terminal
erminal
the output control signal output terminal (other than
the CZ)
one
CN31 Shielding
grounding Shielding grounding cable terminal
“whe
Tents
Absolute encoder signal output
encoder
Note: type explanation: Type1: Switch value input; Type2: Switch value output; Type Analog value input;
Analog value output Type Absolute encoder interface. Refer “3.5 Interface circuit diagram”.

--- Page 34 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Feedback signal terminal CN2
Table 3-6 Encoder signal input/output terminal CN2
Terminal signal nam
No,
Power output Servo motor photoelectricity encoder
uses +5V power;
CN2-19 Use the multi-core cable parallel
[CN2-3 when cable longer.
[CN24 Power output
[CN2T Encoder DSL input DSL+_| 一
[EN22 Encoder DSL- input DSL- Encoder differential data signal
CN2-17 Encoder DMA input DMA+
Bus terminal CN3 and CN4
Table 3-7 bus terminals
Signalname Funcion
RJ-45 connected with control system other units
Standard interface
RJ-45
Standard interface connected with control system other units.
3.5 I/O Interface Circuit
Switch value input interface
Drive module side
COM-
4.7K
-一
Fig. 3-7 Type1 switch value input interface
(1) supplied user, V~DC 24V, current >100mA;
(2) Notice: The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine can not
operated the current polarity connection reversed.

--- Page 35 ---
Chapter Three Wiring (1) The external power offered user. essential note that the specified drive unit AE-100 (2) The output open-collector type, and its maximum current 50mA; the top voltage external (3) The anti-parallel fly-wheel diode should placed both ports the loading the loading the Absolute encoder interface
Switch value output interface full electric injection molding machine may damaged its power polarity reversed. power 25V. And therefore, the loading switch value output signal should met this limit relay sensitive one. the fly-wheel diode reversed, the specified drive unit the AE-100 full Drive module side
Drive module side requirement. The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric molding machine may damaged electric injection molding machine may damaged. SN65L.BC179A
max 50mA exceeds the limit requirement the output directly connected with the power. XXX
一 max 25V
Fig. 3-8 Type2 switch value output interface TSK
生发
Y-DMA
Fig. 3-9 Absolute photoelectric encoder input interface
Analog value input circuit
The analog input signal speed command torque command input signal.
The voltage range input signal X_REF -10V~10V.

--- Page 36 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Analog value Drive module side
input side
X-SPD,
Fig. 3-10 Analog value input circuit
Analog value output circuit
Analog output signal speed torque output signal.
The voltage range output signal X_REF -10V~ 10V.
Analog value Drive module side
output side
ouT
GND
SPD,
Fig. 3-11 Analog value output circuit

--- Page 37 ---
Chapter Three Wiring the abovementioned figure shows: The CN1 the drive module connected with the system, which used for information The CN1 the power module and the CN2 the drive module connected with the external The AC220V the CN7 interface power module and the AC380V TB1 inside the electric
3.6 The Integrated Connection Diagram Drive Unit exchange; electric, which separately controlled the AC380 input power module and the UVW input cabinet are separated from the electric wire-mesh; Contact GSK for details.
Control each motor;
system
全
External
electric Drive main Injection Open-mould Plasticization Ejector
power drive drive drive drive
po--o
CNI CNI CNI UNI
DTSO2A POW
UND UND
UNS ONS
UNG UNG UNG CNG.
From the electric
cabinet 220V
DTSO2A 450 DTSO2A 200 DTSOLA 100 DTSOLA
PBD TPE WPE WPE WPE
Brake 380V
resistance From electric 一 ate
cabinet
Encoder Encoder Encoder Encoder
265SJT 175SJT 220SJT M700BH 175SJT
Fig. 3-12 Drive unit integrated connection diagram

--- Page 38 ---
hine User Manual
Electric Molding Mac
Drive Unit AE-100
The Specified

--- Page 39 ---
Chapter Four Parameter
CHAPTER FOUR PARAMETER
Notice
The person who adjusts the parameter should understood the parameter meaning;
incorrect setting may cause the equipment damage and personal damage.
recommended that the parameter debugging should performed case the
servo motor without loading.
The motor parameter adapts the GSK SJT series default. The motor may not normally
operate uses other servo motors.
4.1 Parameter List
The following parameters only are suitable for the specified configuration drive module and servo
motor AE-100 full electric injection molding machine; and the parameter may different other drive
units servo motor are used. better refer the material contact the GSK.
Table 4-1 The standard configuration drive module and servo motor AE-100
Drive module type DTS02A-450 DTS01A-200 DTS02A-100 DTS01A-50
265SJT-M2400B
175SJT-M500BH 220SJT-M700BH 175SJT-M180DH
Servo motor type
(A4IY2) (A4IY1) (A4IY3)
(A4IY1)
Injection motor Mould opening Plasticization Ejector motor
Purpose
drive motor drive motor drive drive
The following parameters are the corresponding parameter for the above-mentioned standard
motor and drive module.
Table 4-2 The default parameter list AE-100 drive module
Parameter Parameter DTS02A DTSO2A- DTSO1A- DTSO1A-
Series No. name -450 200 100
Password 412 412
Typecode
Software edition (Read) 104
Initial display state
Conromehodseecm
Velocity proportional gain 100
integral time constant
Torque command filter 250 250 100
Velocity inspection low-pass filter 300 253 253 300
Resered
controlmethodshiftselection
Resered
Reserved

--- Page 40 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Resered
Reseved
Resered
Reserved
velocity low-pass filter 800 800 800
Analog torque low-pass filter 800
Driveprohibitioninputdisabed
operation velocity 120 120 120, 120
Resered
Top velocity limit 2400 2400 2400 3600
Intemnalvelocty1
Intemnalvelocty1
Internal velocity? 300 300 300
Intemnalvelocty1 -100
Reserved
Positive/negatvetorquelimt
Reservred
Reserved
industry Ethernet
Internal CCW torque limit 300 300 300
IntemalCWtorquelimt -300 -300 -300 -300
External limit 300 300 300
ExtemalCWtorquelimit -300 -300 -300 -300
Velocity run, JOG run torque limit 300 300 300
Speedcommandreverse
Resered
modification value
[oe
analog speed command voltage
[ef
modification value
torque command
The top speed controlled torque 1500 1500 2500

--- Page 41 ---
Chapter Five Alarm Troubleshooting
CHAPTER FIVE ALARM AND TROUBLESHOOTING
notice
The person who inspects the machine should have the professional knowledge and ability.
The specified drive unit and motor AE-100 full injection molding machine can touched
after its power turned off for 5min prevent the electric shock and burn.
The specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine can used after
the fault removes according the alarm code.
Confirm that the SON (Servo enabled) signal disabled before resetting alarm prevent
the unexpected accident from suddenly starting.
5.1 Alarm List
Table 5-1 Alarm list
[come
code
Norma
Servo motor speed exceeds seting value
Main circuit overvoltage Main circuit power voltage excessive high
Main circuit undervoltage Main circuit power voltage excessive low
Resered
Motor overheating Motor temperature excessive high
Speed amplifier saturation fault Speed regulator saturation for long time
Drive prohibition abnormal CCW, drive prohibition input OFF
Resered
Encoder fault Encoder signal error
Control power undervoltage Control power +15V lower
ron IPM module fault IPM intelligent module fault
overcurent Motor current excessive high
The specified drive unit -100 full electric
Overloading injection molding machine and the motor
overloading (instantaneous overheating)
Openphase 3-phase power open-phase
Encoder counting error Encoder counting abnormal
Motor overheating overloadin The electrothermal value the motor exceeds
setting value (|?t inspection
Speed response fault Speed response error excessive big
FPGA fault FPGA version inspection error
Heat resetting System being heat resetting
EEPROM error EEPROM error
Brake fault Brake circuit fault
Encoderreaderror Fail read encoder drive module
ADcoreeror ADpconvertoreror
Encoder type error Inconsistent encoder type
Resered
Resered

--- Page 42 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual 5.2 Alarm Troubleshooting Method Table 5-2 Troubleshooting method
Reservred
Reservred Alarm
29) Reserved
Resered
Encoderwrite error Fail write encoder drive module occurs when @Control circuit board fault (Change the drive module
switching the ®Encoder fault ACh
control power ncoder fau @Change the servo motor
Command pulse Correctly set the command
frequency excessive high pulse input
Acceleration/deceleration time
constant excessive small, Increase
that the speed overshoot acceleration/deceleration time
value excessive big. constant
Encoder fault Change the servo motor
occurs inthe Encoder cable defective Change the encoder cable
motor operation
@Set the system related gain
instabl again.
Instable Servo system causing @Reduce the loading inertia
moment ratio the gain can not
set available value.
loading inertia
Loading inertia excessive big @change bigger power drive
unit and motor
(Change servo motor
Encoder zero error @Change encoder cable. The
manufacturer should adjust the
occurs when encoder zero.
the motor
performed the @Incorrect connection
beginning. and leading wire
@Incorrect connection ”of Correct wiring
encoder cable leading wire
Circuit board fault Change drive module
when @Power voltage excessive
switching the high Check the power supply
control power @Abnormal voltage waveform
occurs when
resistor
Itoccurs inthe @Brake transistor damage Change the power module

--- Page 43 ---
Chapter Five Alarm Troubleshooting
motor operation @Internal brake resistor
damage
on-off frequency
@Increase
acceleration/deceleration time
Brake circuit capacity constant
inadequate @Reduce torque limit value
loading inertia
®Change bigger power drive
module and motor
@Circuit board fault
@Power insurance damage Power module
全 occurs when @Soft-start circuit fault
power module @Rectifier damage
@Power voltage low
@Temporarily cut off for more Check the power
than 20ms
Itoccurs inthe @Power capacity inadequate
motor operation @instantaneously cut off Check the power
Radiator overheat Gheck the loading
|Reseved
Circuit fault Change the drive module
occurs when Cable broken
switching the Relay dof @Check the cable
control power Camaged @Check the motor
motor internal temperature
@Reduce loading
@Reduce on-off frequency
imi
Itoccurs the Motor overloading @Reduce torque limit value
motor operation @Reduce the related gain
bigger power drive
module and motor
Internal motor fault Change the servo motor
Motor chuck machinery check the loading machinery
ine @Reduce loading
己 Loading excessive big @Change bigger power drive
module and motor
@Check wiring, input terminal
OSs Input terminals OFF CCW USES Power
三. 三 已
5&5 and drive prohibition @Correctly set the related
parameter
Change the motor
|pefective cable encoder Change the cable
Excessive long encoder @Shorten cable
cable cause the encoder ith multi-core parallel
voltage low ower with multi-core paralle

--- Page 44 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Lower control internal 15V Check the control power
input
@Defective connector insider @Change the power module
the power module
Switch power abnormal eCheck connector
Chip damaged @Check switch power
occurs when
control power
@Power supply voltage lower @Check the drive module
@Overheating @Power again
IPM @Change the drive module
"faut
fault inthe unit Vand
motor operation
circuit filter
Interfered @Far away from interference
source
Short-circuit among the drive
了
PERSE commen
switching the Circuit board fault the AE-100 full electric
control power injection molding machine
@Check loading
@Reduce on-off frequency
ltoccurs inthe Operation with excessive @)Reduce torque limit value
motor operation rated torque @Change bigger power
DSTO1A injection
machine drive unit and motor
Hold brakeclose Check the hold brake
(DAdjust gain
Motor instable oscillation acceleration/
deceleration time
@Reduce loading inertia
(One phase U,V and
disconnected for the specified
drive unit full
Check the wiring
electric injection molding
machine
@Incorrect encoder wiring
380V 3-phase open-phase Check power
module

--- Page 45 ---
Chapter Five Alarm Troubleshooting
Encoder
counting
error
acct
occurs when Circuit board fault the AE-100 full electric
switching the injection molding machine
ncorrect parameter setting
parameter
@Check loading
@Reduce on-off frequency
(@Reduce torque limit value
occurs the Long time operation with the
excessive rated torque Change bigger power for
motor operation the specified drive unit and
motor AE-100 full electric
injection molding machine
@Check encoder wiring
occurs inthe Speed response deviation @Check whether the parameter
slow motor operation excessive big configuration correct.
@Change the drive unit
Change the specified drive unit
injection molding machine
Heat @Increase circuit filter
resetting interfered @Far away from interference
source
Change the specified drive unit
AE-100 full electric injection
molding machine. Set the
EEPRO specified drive unit type
Error Chip circuit board damage (Parameter No.1) AE-100 full
electric injection molding
machine after alter
renovating, and then recover the
default parameter.
occurs when Change the specified drive unit
switching the Circuit board fault the AE-100 full electric
control power injection molding machine
drive module
damage
@Reduce on-off frequency
@Increase acceleration/
occurs the deceleration time constant
motor operation Inadequate brake circuit @Reduce torque limit value
capacity @Reduce loading inertia
@®Change bigger power for the
specified drive unit and motor
AE-100 full electric injection
molding machine

--- Page 46 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
@Encoder cable damage
@Encoder damaged Change encoder cable
motor @Change the encoder the
@Circuit board damaged motor
drive module @Change circuit board
@lnterfered @Remove interference resource
electromagnetism
AID chip @Chip circuit board Change the specified drive unit
error damage the AE-100 full electric
@Current sensor damage injection molding machine
Encoder occurs when @Encoder selection error @Change encoder
type error switching the @Parameter setting error @Set encoder parameter
control power
(Encoder cable damage @Change encoder cable
occurs during damaged the the encoder the
encoder zero GTh
@The electromagnetism @Far away from interference
interference from outside source

--- Page 47 ---
Chapter Six Display Operation 6.1 Power Module Display the power module; refer the following table. Table 6-1 The display information power module indicator 6.2 The Keyboard Operation Drive Module The drive module panel AE-100 full electric injection molding machine composes LED Series No. numerical value increase, option forward Series No. numerical value decrease, option backward Return the previous operation menu, cancel the operation Enter the next operation menu, input the confirmation. Note: Hold the [f] and 册 the operations are repeatedly performed; the longer the hold time is, the faster 6-digit LED nixie-tube displays each state and data the system; the decimal point the overall The operation performed based upon the multilayer menu; the 1st layer main menu, which
CHAPTER SIX DISPLAY AND OPERATION Observe whether the main circuit operation normal the ALARM and STATUS indicators ALARM STATUS Explanation Display information nixie-tube displays and buttons 和 由 J), and [Enter, which displayed various states and the repeated speed is. nixie-tube the most right one flashes, which means the alarm occurs. includes operation methods; the one the function menu under each operation method.
Without main circuit power (AC380) setting parameter etc. Refer the following button functions: Refer Fig. 6-1 Main menu operation frame:
STATUS Start resistor burnt (Unrecoverable, better
indicator flash change the start resistance from factory)
During Main circuit alarms (overvoltage, undervoltage,
operation open-phase and brake)
the moment The power during releasing the main circuit.
power off
means OFF, means

--- Page 48 ---
及 三 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Monitoring method
PA— Parameter setting
Parameter administration
Velocity dry run layer
The layer 一 vary 一
JOG run
Reserved
Encodernul
Open-loop operation
Fig. 6-1 Method operation frame
6.3 The Monitoring Method Drive Module
Select “dP-“ the 1st layer, then enter the monitoring method pressing Entel There are
kinds display states, and user select the desired display mode enter the concrete display
state the Ente again.

--- Page 49 ---
Chapter Six Display Operation
DP_SPd_] Motor speed (r/min) [Lr_ 1000 Motor speed 1000r/min
DP-PoS Low 5-bit for current position (Pulse)
iti Current position 1245806 pulse
High S-bit for current position [P12]
Pow bit for rotor absolute position
DP_APo command 1245810
(pulse)
DP=APo. righ bit for rotor absolute position pulse
pulse) Speed analog value offering
DP_As_] Analog speed command (r/min) [S150 15ovmin
Analog value offering 50%
Analog torque command Rated torque
DP-Bs_] Bus speed command(t/min) Speed bus offering 150r/min
Bt] Bus torque command Bus offering 50% rated torque
DP=trg Feedback torque(%) Ente Motor torque 50%
Feedback current (A) L110 current 104
LSP Linear speed (m/min) [1.5.0] Linear speed 5.000m/min
DP-CNT Current control method [CNT Current control method
Command speed (r/min) Speed command -50r/min
DP-Ct_]} Command torque =20] Torque command -20%
In_| Input terminal state [Lin Input terminal
out Output terminal state Output terminal
Cod Encoder input signal [Cod Encoder signal
|_DP-rn Operation state Operation state: operating
DP-Err Alarm code [Err No.9 alarm
res Reserved [uo]
Fig. 6-2 The operation frame monitoring method
Note The pulse value unit inside the system one. For example: the pulse value expresses with high 5-bit
low 5-bit matching with the 10000 pulse/rotation motor, the calculation method shown below:
Pulse value high -bit numerical value 100000 low 5-bit numerical value
Note Control method: 1-analog speed torque control mode; 2-analog speed control mode; -Switch value
speed control mode; 5-Speed dry run mode; 6-JOG mode; 7-Analog torque control mode; 8-Industry Ethernet
control mode; 10-Encoder zero; 11-Open-loop operation.
Note the display number reaches 6-bit (For example: -12345), the prompt character will not displayed.
Note The calculation method the motor current follows:
+1;
Note The rotor absolute position the one-turn means that the rotor’s position related the stator, for example,
one-turn regarded period, its range 0~~ 131072. The rotor position information increase counting when
motor positive, and decrease one negative.
Note Figure 6-3 shows the input terminal; the Figure 6-4 indicates the output terminal; the Fig. 6-5 displays the
encoder signal.

--- Page 50 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
Note Operation states are shown below:
“rn- OFF”: Main circuit uncharged, servo system without operation;
“rn- CH”: Main circuit charged, servo system without operation (Servo without enabling with
alarm);
“rn- on”: Main circuit charged, servo system with operation...
Note “Err means normal and without alarm.
SC2(Speed selection
Zero clamping)
FIL(CCW torque limit) SC1 (Speed selection
RSTP (CW drive prohibition)
RIL(CW torque limit) FSTP(CCW drive prohibition)
ALRS (Alarm clear)
SEN (Function shift)
SON (Servo enabling)
么 和
TOOL
Fig. 6-3 Input terminal display (Stroke lights that means ON, and vice versa)
SCMP (Speed arrival)
Reserved ALM (Servo alarm)
[se (Servo ready)
Fig. 6-4 Output terminal display (Stroke lights that means ON, and vice versa)
6.4 Speed Dry Run and JOG Operation
Notice
recommended that the dry run and JOG operation are performed during motor no-load,
guard against the equipment accident.
The specified drive unit SON (Servo enabling) the AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine should enabled, and the CCW, drive prohibition should disabled.
Speed dry run method: The speed command can changed the [1], buttons this method.
The motor will operate based upon the supplied speed and direction. only used the factory.
JOG operation method (JOG operation method): Press the and hold it, the motor operates
according the JOG speed; the motor stops releasing this button and hold zero speed; press and
hold it, the motor reversely operates based the JOG speed; the motor stops releasing this button

--- Page 51 ---
Chapter Six Display Operation Set the parameter No.4 select the analog speed operation mode. The CN1-5(SPD_REF) pin the servo CN1 terminal connected with the external speed The servo motor operation speed the external analog voltage 10V can set the parameter For example: Parameter No.42 1500 means that the motor’s top speed 1500r/min (factory setting) when Parameter No.42 3000 means that the motor’s maximum speed 3000r/min when set Precaution: The setting the parameter No.23 will affect the actual speed the motor. The motor 6.6 Analog Torque Operation Set the parameter No.4 select the analog torque operation mode. The CN1-7(TQ_REF) pin the servo CN1 terminal connects with the external command input; The servo motor torque output value corresponding the external analog voltage can set For example: Parameter No.44 100 means the setting motor the rated torque operation when set Parameter No.44 300 means that the setting motor times operation the rated torque The top torque the speed arrival determined the parameter No.45 and together. The
and hold zero speed. only used factory. command input, and the CN1-15(SPD_GND) pin connected with external analog speed signal No.42. set 10V input. 10V input. speed 1500, the parameter No.23 set 1500, the parameter set 3000 the CN1-11(TQ_GND) pin connects with the external analog signal grounding. The motor torque can 10V the parameter No.44. 10V input. (Factory setting). when set 10V input. maximum speed the minimum value between parameter No.45 and 23.
6.5 Analog Speed Operation grounding. The motor rotation speed can controlled adjusting the external analog input value. and the external input set 5V. However, the motor’s speed will hold the 1500 controlled adjusting the external analog input value.
even the analog voltage increases consecutively. Accordingly, the setting value the
parameter No.23 should modified the same time meet the capacity
requirements.

--- Page 52 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual Set the parameter No.4 select the analog speed analog torque operation mode. The CN1-5(SPD_REF) pin the CN1 terminal connects with the external speed command input; Refer the Section 6.7 analog sped operation and the Section 6.8 analogy torque operation for 6.8 Other Control Methods The encoder zero function used only factory, user can not perform it. The open-loop method only used factory, user can not perform it. Although the command voltage set “OV”, the motor may still perform with slight speed
6.7 Analog Speed Analog Torque Operation the CN1-15(SPD_GND) pin connects with the external analog sped signal grounding; the the parameter setting method. 6.9 Analog Value Input Command Zero when the speed and torque are controlled. This caused with the slight value (mV Unit) “offset” from
CN1-7(TQ_REF) pin connects with the analog speed command input; CN1-11(TQ_GND) connects the previous level equipment external command voltage. The zero modification can performed
with the external analog torque signal grounding. The speed and torque can separately controlled the Parameter No.41 analog speed and No.43 analog torque command zero modification values;
this control mode. the external analog input value set “OV” this “offset value”; the values both the DP-As and
DP-At are treated zero, and then the motor will not perform the slight rotation offset.

--- Page 53 ---
Chapter Seven Power-on Operation The specified drive unit and motor AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should recommended that the specified drive unit power the AE-100 full electric molding The power can turned after confirming the wiring absolutely corrected. tis necessary connect ESP circuit ensure the power can immediately stopped After the fault for the specified drive unit AE-100 full electric injection molding machine not touch the specified drive unit and motor the AE-100 full electric injection molding The specified drive unit and motor the AE-100 full electric injection molding machine may 7.1 Power Connection Refer the Fig. 7-1 for the power connection, and connect the power based upon the following sequence. The power connected the input terminal and the injection molding machine power The power the control circuit connected with the power module prior the main circuit; The main circuit power delays 1.5s after turned on, servo ready signal (SRDY) ON. this case, The PWM circuit turned after 1.5s when servo enabling connected with the power. The soft-start and dynamic brake circuits may damaged frequently turning on/off the power;
CHAPTER SEVEN POWER-ON OPERATION grounded, terminal should connected with the equipment grounding. machine provided the insulation transformer and power filter ensure the safety and when fault occurs (Refer the Fig. 7-1). alarms, important confirm that the fault removed and the SON disabled before machine after the power turned off for 5min. least prevent the electric shock. heat after operates for period time avoid burnt. module DTSO2A-POW. The bus output terminal and the servo drive power module are only the control circuit power turned on, the servo ready signal (SRDY) then OFF. the servo enabling (SON) signal can accepted, and then inspect effective servo enabling. times/hour and below times/day the on/off frequency. The power can turned again
anti-interference performance. restarting the machine. separately connected the and input terminals the servo drive module. Wherein, the power The specified drive unit output the AE-100 full electric injection molding machine enabled and after cooling 30min when the fault removed the specified drive unit motor the AE-100 full
module and should connected with brake resistance. the motor excites the operation state. The servo enabling disabled alarms, the PWM circuit
inside the drive module closes and the motor the electric brake state.

--- Page 54 ---
The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
electric injection molding machine overheating.
ESP OFF
loo
一 人 一
NFB
“oO
Three-phase 人 olse
filter
C380V 一、
Brake
resistance
加
220V
一
24V Servo drive unit
Servo drive main
于 power
Fig.7-1 Drive unit power module connection diagram
Power-on time sequence and alarm sequence:
Control circuit
power <1s
Servo alarm
output (ALM)
Main circuit
power
Servo ready output Response within 10ms
(SRDY)
Servo enabling
input(SON) <10ms
<10ms
Servo motor
excited
Fig. 7-2 Power-on time sequence

--- Page 55 ---
Chapter Seven Power-on Operation
Control circuit power
Servo alarm output
(ALM)
Main circuit power
一 -、、<1.5s
Servo ready output
(SRDY)
within 10ms
Alarm clear (ALRS)
>50ms
Servo enabling
input(SON) <10ms
Servo motor excited
should reliably cut
off after alarm.
Fig. 7-3 Alarm time sequence
7.2 Inspection Before the Operation
Firstly, inspect the following items before the power turned on, meanwhile after the installation
and connection are performed.
Inspect whether the power terminal wiring correct and the input voltage reliable and
proper.
Inspect whether the power and motor cables are short-circuited grounded.
Inspect whether the encoder cable connection correct.
Inspect the control signal terminal connection accurate and the power polar and
dimension are correct.
Inspect the specified drive unit and motor AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine firmly fixed.
Inspect whether the motor shaft connected the loading.
7.3 Motor Response Adjustment
Notice
Incorrect parameter setting may cause equipment damage and hazard; confirm
whether the parameter correct before starting.
recommended perform the loading debugging after the no-load one
executed.

--- Page 56 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual (1) [Speed proportional gain] The setting value the parameter No.5 set bigger (2) [Analog speed command modification value] The setting value the parameter No.41 (3) [Speed integral time constant] The setting value the parameter No.6 set bigger Analog torque control (1) Set the suitable [Speed proportional gain] and [Speed integral time constant]. (2) [Analog torque command modification value] The setting the parameter No.43 zero
Analog speed control possible without vibration. Generally, the bigger the loading inertia is, the bigger the setting the zero offset compensation value the analog speed input. The setting value the possible based upon the specified condition. The response speed may rise when the [Speed offset compensation analog input. The setting the parameter No.44, set the top analog
value the [Speed proportional gain] is. parameter No.42 set the maximum analog voltage corresponding top motor rotation speed. integral time constant] set excessive big, but easy vibrate. And therefore, voltage corresponding the maximum motor torque (percentage rated torque). The setting
The setting value the parameter No.18 the low-pass coefficient analog speed input; better set bigger possible without vibration condition. The speed appears bigger the parameter No.19 the analog torque input low-pass filter coefficient; the bigger the
the bigger the setting value is, the higher the cut-off frequency is. change along with the loading alteration when the [Speed integral time constant] set setting value is, the higher the cut-off frequency is.
excessive small. general, the bigger the loading inertial is, the smaller the setting value
the [Speed integral time constant] is.

--- Page 57 ---
Chapter Eight Product Technology Specification
CHAPTER EIGHT PRODUCT TECHNOLOGY SPECIFICATION
Notice
The specified drive unit the AE-100 full electric injection molding machine should
matched with the servo motor; this manual describes the adapted GSK SJT series servo
motor. better note before ordering user matches other factory’s servo motor.
8.1 The Technology Specification Power Module
Table 8-1 The specified drive unit main power parameter AE-100 full electric injection molding
machine
Rated outputpower QW)
input voltage (V)
Output voltage (Vj
Pressure (V)
Brake resistance (Ohm)
Brake resistance power (W) P2000
8.2 The Technology Specification Drive Module
Table 8-2 The specified drive unit main parameter AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
Drive module type DTS01A-50 DTS01A-100 DTS02A-200 DTS02A-450
Input power Bus voltage 538V
Working: Storage transportation: -20°C ~+70°C
也 Humidity Less than 90% (Without condensation
Less than 0.5G (4.9m/s’), Hz~60 (Non-consecutive operation)
(1) Analog speed analog torque (2) Analog speed control mode (4) Switch
Control method value speed control mode (5) Speed dry run mode (6) JOG mode (7) Analog
torque control mode (8) Industry Ethernet control mode (10) Encoder zero
method (11) Open-loop mod
Extenal
Speed frequency response: 2200Hz
Speed wave rate: <+0.03 (Loading 100%):
<+0.02x (0.9 一 1.1) Power voltage
(The numerical value corresponds the rates speed)
Speed-regulation ratio: 1:5000
Speed command Command Voltage range DC+10V
input voltage
Signal input
Torque Command
Voltage range DC+10V
command input voltage
Internal There are internal speed modes can selected based upon the external
speed control input signal

--- Page 58 ---
及 广州 数控 The Specified Drive Unit AE-100 Full Electric Molding Machine User Manual
@Servo enabling @Alarm clear @CCW drive prohibition @CW drive
Control input prohibition @Speed selection 1/zero speed clamping ©Speed selection
@CCW torque limit @CW torque limit @Control method shift
Control output @Servo ready output @)Servo alarm output @)Speed arrival output
Acceleration/decelera Parameter setting acceleration/deceleration time 一 10000ms (0Or/min~
tion function 1000r/min
Rotation speed, current position, motor torque, motor current, linear speed,
Monitoring function rotor absolute position, operation status, input/output terminal signal, analog
speed input, analogy torque input command etc.
Protective function Overspeed, power overvoltage/undervoltage, overcurrent,
overloading, brake abnormal, encoder abnormal, control power abnormal etc.
Display, operation bit LED nixie tube, buttons
Available loading Less than the times motor inertia
inertia
497x 120x324 497x200x324 497x250x324 497x250x324
8.3 Servo Motor Specification
The following table the parameter explanation AE-100 full electric injection molding machine
standard configuration servo motor. The motor specifications may differ from the product alteration;
better touch the factory refer the machine itself.
Table 8-3 The main parameter AE-100 standard configuration motor
175SJT-M180DH 175SJT-M500BH 220SJT-M700BH 265SJT-M2400B
A4lY3 A4IY2 A4IY1 H(A4IY1
Polar logarithm
Drive module input 3-phase 380
voltage
Rated current (A) 8ST
Rated torque (Nm 145
Zero speedtorque(N.m) 240
Rated speed (r/min) 2500
Top 3000 ?20 ?20 160
Rotor inertia (kg-m2) 65x10 14.8x10°3 21.6x10-3 45.3x10-3
Note: Refer the motor user manual for the concrete parameters and specifications.